1 ::: Oscar et la dame rose (2009) ::: drama ::: Listening in to a conversation between his doctor and parents, 10-year-old Oscar learns what nobody has the courage to tell him. He only has a few weeks to live. Furious, he refuses to speak to anyone except straight-talking Rose, the lady in pink he meets on the hospital stairs. As Christmas approaches, Rose uses her fantastical experiences as a professional wrestler, her imagination, wit and charm to allow Oscar to live life and love to the full, in the company of his friends Pop Corn, Einstein, Bacon and childhood sweetheart Peggy Blue.
2 ::: Cupid (1997) ::: thriller ::: A brother and sister with a past incestuous relationship have a current murderous relationship. He murders the women who reject him and she murders the women who get too close to him.
3 ::: Young, Wild and Wonderful (1980) ::: adult ::: As the bus empties the students for their field trip to the Museum of Natural History, little does the tour guide suspect that the students are there for more than just another tour. First, during the lecture films, the coeds drift into dreams of the most erotic fantasies one can imagine. After the films, they release the emotion of the fantasies in the most erotic and uncommon ways. One slips off to the curator's office for a little "acquisition. " Another finds the anthropologist to see what bones can be identified. Even the head teacher isn't immune. Soon the tour is over, but as the bus departs, everyone admits it was quite an education.
4 ::: The Secret Sin (1915) ::: drama ::: To help their unemployed father make ends meet, Edith and her twin sister Grace work as seamstresses . An invalid, Grace falls prey to the temptations of Chinatown opium and becomes an addict, a condition worsened by a misguided physician who prescribes morphine to ease her pain. When their father strikes oil, the family enjoys a new prosperity and the sisters meet the eligible Jack Herron, a fellow oil prospector. To Grace's shock, Jack falls in love with Edith and in her jealousy, Grace tells Jack that Edith, not she, has a drug problem. Hinting that her sister will soon need more morphine, Grace arranges for a dinner in Chinatown with the couple. While her sister and Jack dance, Grace slips away to an opium den. Edith follows her, but ends up in the wrong den and is arrested in an ensuing drug raid. After he bails her out of jail, Edith takes an angry Jack to search for Grace and stumbles across her half-conscious body lying in the street. The truth about the sisters is revealed, and after sending Grace to a sanitarium in the country, Jack and Edith are married.
5 ::: The Unrecovered (2007) ::: drama ::: The film's title refers not only to the un-recovered bodies at ground zero, but also to the state of the nation at large. Set in the hallucinatory period of time between September 11 and Halloween of 2001, The Unrecovered examines the effect of terror on the average mind, the way a state of heightened anxiety and/or alertness can cause the average person to make the sort of imaginative connections that are normally made only by artists and conspiracy theorists-both of whom figure prominently in this film. The Unrecovered explores the way in which irony, empathy, and paranoia relate to one another in the wake of 9/11.
6 ::: Quality Control (2011) ::: documentary ::: Quality Control consists of a series of 16mm single take shots filmed in the summer of 2010,over a two day period, in a dry cleaners facility in Pritchard, Alabama, near Mobile, Quality Control exhibits the acts as well the conditions around labor and showcases, in Everson's words "the fine folks of Alabama producing a superior product." It is similar stylistically, in form and rhythm, to certain scenarios in Everson's award-winning and critically acclaimed previous films, including Erie (IFFR 2010) and in thematic concerns to several other short form works which follow the daily, quotidian tasks of workers in rest and in motion, and is an oblique sequel, ten years hence, to Everson's Creative Capital granted project A Week in the Hole (2001), which focused on an employee's adjustment to materials, time, space and personnel. Quality Control consists of a series of 16mm single take shots, filmed over a two day period in the summer of 2010, in a dry cleaners facility in Pritchard, Alabama, near Mobile. Quality Control exhibits the acts as well the conditions around labor. It is similar stylistically, in form and rhythm, to certain scenarios in Everson's award-winning and critically acclaimed previous films, including Erie (IFFR 2010) and in thematic concerns to several other short form works which follow the daily, quotidian tasks of workers in rest and in motion, including the factory routine captured in the short film A Week in the Hole (2001), which focused on an employee's adjustment to materials, time, space and personnel. Principal cast includes Shay Wright and Annette Speight.
7 ::: "Pink Slip" (2009) ::: comedy ::: In tough economic times Max and Joey have all but run out of ideas until, they discover that senior housing is cheap. Not only that but Max's aunt just kicked the bucket and no one knows yet. In a hilarious series that always keeps you on your toes, the two friends take us on a cross-dressing, desperate and endearing ride through being broke.
8 ::: One Step Away (1985) ::: crime ::: Ron Petrie (Keanu Reeves) is a troubled teen whose life is hanging by a thread, as he's on the verge of suspension from school, subject to arrest for breaking and entering, and the cause of his single mother's impending eviction from her apartment. Unless he can find a resolution, his only option seems to be life of street crime.
9 ::: "Desperate Hours" (2016) ::: reality-tv ::: A sudden calamitous event, causing great loss of life, damage, or hardship, like a flood, a tornado, an airplane crash, or an earthquake. This is not only a documentary but a live account of dramatic events in real time. In this unique 13- part series you'll be an eyewitness to some of the greatest disasters of the last 100 years and you will have a rare opportunity to compare disasters across time and distance and decide which you think is the worst.
10 ::: Spirits (2014/I) ::: horror ::: Four high school students embark on a terrifying journey through ShadowView Manor 2 years after a horrifying séance gone wrong. Intern Raven, decides to reconnect with her elementary school friends Kota, William, and Jessica by bringing them to her new workplace, ShadowView Manor for a bit of paranormal investigating. Hearing more forbidden secrets from the night janitor sends them into a dark descending spiral of terror.
11 ::: The Spirit World: Ghana (2016) ::: documentary ::: Tom Beacham explores Ghana with Director of Photography Alex Holberton, in search of Spirits. The film looks at the overlap between the spirit world and the physical world, voodoo, witchcraft, the power of the Holy Spirit and magic. They meet with royal family members, magicians and voodoo priests as well as getting rare footage of a full Voodoo Ceremony.
12 ::: In the Gloaming (1997) ::: drama ::: Danny, dying of Aids, returns home for his last months. Always close to his mother, they share moments of openness that tend to shut out Danny's father and his sister.
13 ::: Pink Ribbons: One Small Step (2009) ::: documentary ::: A sister's breast cancer diagnosis and her brother's need to take action. Highlighting the events that took place during Franke's participation in the Susan G. Komen 3-Day Walk, including the training and fund-raising events in the six months preceding the Walk. It includes numerous interviews with breast cancer survivors who share the wealth of their experience with the viewer. Also included are appearances by local celebrities, athletes and musical artists, as well as informative interviews with health care professionals who explain what we should all know about dealing with this illness. This is the film the doctor should have given my sister before she left his office that fateful day. So I made this film for my sister, and for all our sisters... that they would always remember, "You are not alone."
14 ::: Interrabang (1969) ::: thriller ::: A photographer is sailing with his wife, her sister and his nympho-maniacal model. He leaves the three women alone to get a part for his boat. A mysterious man shows up, who might be an escaped criminal the police are searching for. This doesn't alarm the three women too much, and he rapidly seduces all three of them.
15 ::: The Glass Menagerie (1973) ::: drama ::: Amanda Wingfield dominates her children with her faded gentility and exaggerated tales of her Southern belle past. Her son plans escape; her daughter withdraws into a dream world. When a "gentleman caller" appears, things move to crisis point. Amanda is faced with the dilemma of a dependent life, for both her remaining years, but more importantly, for her dependent daughter, Laura. Amanda struggles to use the only means she has at her disposable to secure a future for her frightened and fragile "spinster" daughter.
16 ::: Night Call (2016) ::: drama ::: Simon's world is turned upside down when his little girl Katie is abducted during a family day out. After weeks of searching and appeals Simon decides to punish himself by offering a young prostitute with mounting debts, life changing money to end his life.
17 ::: Babylon Vista (2001) ::: comedy ::: Frankie Reno was a child star on a TV show. But that was thirty years ago. Now he's busy making ends meet running "Babylon Vista", a Hollywood apartment inhabited by has-beens and wannabees - with more stories than rent payments. Frankie slowly finds himself getting sucked into the bizarre world of his dysfunctional tenants.
18 ::: "Wo Grafen schlafen - Eine Schlösser-Reise" (2014) ::: documentary ::: The story of the Castle and Family of Norbert Salburg-Falkenstein, Commander of the Knights of Malte for Österreich and Bohemia, who married the daughter of a naval commander from Sweden and was able to restore the family property correctly with her help. A Wagnerian opera singer sings Welsh and Wagnerian music in the video, one of a series on how the nobility of Deutschland and Österreich live in the various castles. Lively and fun commentary from the TV hosts, one of whom is a descendant himself of the great Hapsburg dynasty.
19 ::: "Roller Warriors" (2009) ::: sport ::: Modern roller derby began in Austin, TX in 2001 and quickly spread worldwide, creating hundreds of leagues, in places like Kansas City where small leagues run "by the skater, for the skater" were started. This "new" roller derby is real, no fake fighting, no story lines, just action-packed pulse thumping action. The Kansas City Roller Warriors are one of the premier leagues in the country, winning the National Championship in 2007, and are back for their 2008 season. Roller Warriors follows the home season when the four home teams; the Black-Eye Susans, Dreadnought Dorothys, Knockouts, and Victory Vixens take it to the track to compete for a league championship. The Dreadnought Dorothys are the undefeated back-to-back league champions and team to beat. The Knockouts are the self described "prettiest team in the league" and are setting out to keep their reputation and win a few games along the way. The Victory Vixens were winless throughout the last season and under new leadership are hoping to turn things around. The Black-Eye Susans are packed with newcomers and are trying to keep up with teams filled with more veterans than new skaters. The 2008 season also brings the Texas Rollergirls, the originators of the modern game, to town for an important interleague bout. The Kansas City All-Stars had never beaten the "mothers of roller derby" but this year, with the confidence a national title brings, things could be different. Roller Warriors explores the origins of the Kansas City Roller Warriors when a couple of librarians named Brooke and Mandy thought it would be fun to get on skates and knock each other around in a parking lot. Brooke and Mandy became Dirty Britches and Princess Anna Conda and have now grown to a league with 80 women and thousands of fans. These women are police officers, massage therapists, FedEx drivers and bartenders but when they get on the track, they're known as Patti Wackin, Annie Maul, Maiden Hell, Boobarella, Snot Rocket, and Ivana Clobber.
20 ::: Bird Idol (2010) ::: animation ::: The story revolves around a bird called 'Hummi' who is not happy with the bird music and is greatly impressed by human music and how he introduces human music to the bird music by entering into a competition called Bird Idol and with his genuine effort he puts himself and his parents into trouble.
21 ::: O Signo das Tetas (2016) ::: drama ::: The Road of Milk narrates in existential drama tones the story of a man searching for his lost time, traveling across the roads of Brazil's countryside, making their way back to their homeland. In this journey, he will find his way to sign his past that will remake your life and show you the path of salvation. He is on the threshold between reason and madness, between salvation and death.
22 ::: Söderpojkar (1941) ::: comedy ::: A gang of unemployed itinerant musicians play in the south of Stockholm. Then they get the chance to be an orchestra in a dance restaurant. It goes well until the female owner falls in love with one of them.
23 ::: Tunnel Vision (1976) ::: comedy ::: A committee investigating TV's first uncensored network examines a typical day's programming, which includes shows, commercials, news programs, you name it. What they discover will surely crack you up! This outrageous and irreverent spoof of television launched the careers of some of the greatest comedians of all time. This 1976 film tries to predict what American television will be like in the year 1985. Tunnelvision is America's first "uncensored and free" television network. Although wildly popular, it is also blamed for increased crime and unemployment. Christian A. Broder, president and founder of Tunnelvision, is called to defend his network in front of a Senate sub-committee. The sub-committee decides to view excerpts from a "typical" day of Tunnelvision broadcasting. What follows is a series of brief skits lampooning television, including cop shows, news broadcasts, situation comedies, and (of course) commercials.
24 ::: Wedded Bliss? (2002) ::: drama ::: Wedded Bliss? explores the perception that one's wedding and one's newly wedded life are the most perfect, most romantic time of one's life. The reality of so many people from two families coming together is almost always "miscommunication". These always start small and become bigger. This baggage becomes a big distraction for the new couple as they struggle to adapt to their new space. This story is of such a couple who are drawn apart as they go through this process.
25 ::: Cheongchun highway (1973) ::: action ::: Dong-woo is released from prison after a short time following his failed attempt to rob a watch shop. He decides to follow in his brother's footsteps and become a singer. His popularity soon eclipses his brother's, however, leading to unexpected jealousy and family problems
26 ::: The Sandman (????/I) ::: fantasy ::: A wizard attempting to capture Death to bargain for eternal life traps her younger brother Dream instead. Fearful for his safety, the wizard kept him imprisoned in a glass bottle for decades. After his escape, Dream, also known as Morpheus, goes on a quest for his lost objects of power.
27 ::: Riding Shotgun (2004) ::: short ::: Brian Wallace is a cameraman for the hit TV show, 'Riding Shotgun'. A minute ago, he was hauling ass down an alley, trying to keep up with two cops chasing some gang members. Then he made a wrong turn, and got separated from the damn cops. Now there's a knife at his throat, and he's face to face with a notorious young gang leader named Magic. For the rest of the day, Brian will find himself rolling with Magic and his gang, irresistibly caught up in their struggle to solidify a permanent truce with an enemy gang. Before the opportunity is destroyed by those who are blind to it...
28 ::: The Day Mars Invaded Earth (1963) ::: sci-fi ::: The Martians are actually protecting themselves from US!!. - since the Earth probe landed on their planet they are taking measures to ensure their security by replacing our scientists with doppelgangers who report nothing. A very insightful film that was under-rated and ahead of it's time, with a 1963 vision of a primitive mars rover.
29 ::: The Blue Boy (1994) ::: thriller ::: Marie is an insecure housewife whose husband, Joe, is having an affair. The two of them take a holiday to rural Scotland, but by sheer bad luck, end up at the hotel Joe uses for his "getaways." There, Marie is told the story of a young boy who drowned in a nearby lake long ago, and finds herself becoming more and more obsessed with his ghost.
30 ::: Cracked Not Broken (2007) ::: documentary ::: Coming from an upper-middle class background with a good education, close friends and family members (she has one adolescent daughter), 37 year old Canadian Lisa seemed to be the least likely person to get caught up in the dangerous and self-destructive world of crack addiction and prostitution (which is how she funds her habit). She discusses in a very honest, open and articulate manner here in the film's intimate setting (her Toronto hotel room to be precise) just what led her down this tragic path that she currently finds herself in, and how she ultimately wants nothing more than to reach full sobriety someday so as to not only return to some semblance of a normal life as a mother, daughter and friend but to hopefully educate and help others, specifically women, who have found themselves in a similar situation as hers.
31 ::: Love Bites (2018) ::: horror ::: Hollywood has long since been a haven for vampires and other underworld creatures. They have used the industry to fashion their own lore while protecting them from a human society. Detective Peter King becomes involved personally and professionally with Osvanna Moore, once scream queen, now horror studio mogul and a 400 year old vampire. Together they try to outpace a serial killer who has targeted Osvanna and much of her vampire clan...The Vampires of Hollywood.
32 ::: 7 días con Alberto Corazón (2015) ::: documentary ::: The objective of this documentary is to convey in an exciting way who is Alberto Corazón. His work, his career, his creative process, his contribution to Spanish culture. His personality, his character and his ideas. Its contribution to the Spanish culture - especially the visual culture - through the recognition of marks and symbols, corporate identities, industrial designs, objects and signs. His creative process, showing closely and transparently how he create. His trajectory, linked to the recent history of Spain. His work in the broadest sense, including editorial design, posters, wall paintings, sundials, objects, paintings, sculptures, books. His personality, character and ideas, respecting the space of intimacy.
33 ::: Province 77 (2002) ::: action ::: Thai Town is a six-block area near Hollywood, Los Angeles, which is home to over 50,000 expatriated Thais. The town is such a gateway for Thais entering America it was dubbed Thailand's 77th Province. The movie follows a Thai family as it struggles to survive in Los Angeles' fast-paced consumerist culture, while still maintaining traditional values. The identity struggle between Thai-ness and the high octane way of life on the west coast of America, defined by hip-hop, drugs, street racing and violence, affects Pat, a good boy tempted by a life of crime, and his sister.
34 ::: "The Wild, Wild World of Animals" (1973) ::: documentary ::: One hundred twenty nine episodes of this syndicated show were produced between 1973 and 1978. The show debuted in the USA in the Fall of 1973. The show was a wildlife documentary.
35 ::: The Derek Trucks Band: Songlines Live (2006) ::: music ::: Park West HDNet Taping The Derek Trucks Band's performance at the Park West in Chicago on Sat Jan 28 was video taped in high definition for a special HDNet program! The program will air later this year on HDNet. This will premiere on JULY 2, 2006 on HDNET 9PM (REPEATS AT MIDNIGHT AND AS PART OF THE JULY 4th JAM BAND MARATHON)- the schedules are not listed yet - but if you check www.derektrucks.com in the news part you will see a listing concerning the taping of this show for HDNet broadcast. Thanks
36 ::: "The Young Professionals" (2015) ::: comedy ::: Whether it's blocking up mouse holes, running from Landlords or making puppet shows in the bath, it's never a dull moment for The Young Professionals. Desperate to break into the online world and escape the terrors of temping, Natalie presents the lives of six housemates struggling to get on the career ladder after uni and pay their rent on time. Which is all helped along with Keara - the one with the 'real' job.
37 ::: Heroin (2013/I) ::: drama ::: Jos wakes up in a homeless shelter in Groningen (North of the Netherlands). It's a place to stay for the night. At 10am the street life starts over again. Come rain or shine. It doesn't matter if you're ill or don't feel like leaving. At 10pm people are welcome again. For Jos, this is a day like many other, or isn't it? No, today is different. Jos has a plan. He wants to make amends. Can he convince his ex girlfriend? And his friends? That it's all going to be different now? Jos wants to change. No more drinking. No coke, heroin or other junk. Never again. It's now or never. Well, maybe this week? Jos really wants to change. Starting today, well......at least tomorrow.
38 ::: La dama del alba (1966) ::: drama ::: The tempest over the house of Narcés arose when it was three years since Martín's wife, Angélica, mysteriously disappeared in the waters of the river. Despite the bad weather and ignoring the advice of Angélica's mother, Martín leaves the house to go and raise cattle. At that moment a strange pilgrim arrives in search of shelter. She can only stop for a few minutes because she has to meet on the bridge with Adela, a girl whom Death seeks.
39 ::: Stealing Stradivarius (????) ::: comedy ::: When Artie needs money for his daughters conservatory tuition, he concocts the heist of a valuable Stradivarius violin and finds himself embroiled in a thrilling and hilarious farce involving international art smugglers, federal investigators and the Hmong Mafia.
40 ::: Chonda Pierce: Girl Talk (2013) ::: comedy ::: The "Queen of Clean" is back for another sold-out performance in Nashville, Tennessee, and her Southern sass and razor sharp wit will have you laughing until it hurts. Chonda's ready to tell it like it is, and there's no subject she's afraid to tackle! As the undisputed highest-selling female comedian of all time, this preacher's daughter is here to share some of her funniest stories with you and your whole family. Whether you're a woman, a man, a long-time fan or someone who's about to discover Chonda for the first time, come along and join in for a little girl talk. It's a conversation you won't want to miss!
41 ::: Estilo Hip Hop (2009) ::: documentary ::: Estilo Hip Hop is a feature length documentary that chronicles the lives of Eli Efi, Guerrillero Okulto, and Magia, three hip hop activists from Brazil, Chile, and Cuba who firmly believe that hip hop can change the world. As we delve into their lives, we learn of three inspirational leaders responsible for mobilizing young people to become politically active. However, the personal issues affecting the three protagonists prove to be as overwhelming as the challenges posed by their political work. As the stakes assume a greater risk, Eli Efi, Guerrillero, and Magia make life-altering decisions that ultimately impact the course of their lives and that of the hip hop movement.
42 ::: "Arkivet" (2006) ::: comedy ::: If you want to preserve a feeling of relative safety and harmony in life you better avoid thinking too much about certain matters. Like what sausages consist of, how laws are made. And what really goes on in hospitals. The Archive follows the daily chores of six individuals who work in the deep catacombs of a hospital, more specifically in the hospital archive where the case records are kept. Archive Director Dagny loves her colleagues with all her heart. But is love and care enough when the hospital administration sends their most insensitive computer engineer to take on the (long overdue) task of digitizing every file from A to Z? How can they preserve status quo when facing the evil nerd from hell? Dagny claims they have nothing to fear but fear itself. After all engineers have their own jobs, she reasons, they have no interest in taking theirs. Her strategy: don't rock the boat and everything will eventually return to normal.
43 ::: Brad Cuts Loose (2017) ::: short ::: Brad, an uptight office drone, seemingly discovers the perfect vehicle for letting off steam when an advertisement for a business catering to his innermost desires pops up one morning on his computer. Brad's subsequent visit to the business and encounter with its receptionist Janine, however, don't quite go as planned.
44 ::: A Thousand Acres (1997) ::: drama ::: A THOUSAND ACRES is a drama about an American family who meets with tragedy on their land. It is the story of a father, his daughters, and their husbands, and their passion to subdue the history of their land and its stories.
45 ::: The Wish Kin (????) ::: adventure ::: Fourteen-year-old Colm Bell and his 11-year-old sister Lydia wake to the smell of smoke and the sound of gunfire - raiders are attacking their home. They grab their backpacks - prepacked for such an emergency - and head to the tunnel and the hills, following the escape route they have practised every day for their young lives. They don't look back. This is a futuristic movie set in Australia when the earth has been plundered and natural resources depleted. Society has broken down completely, and small groups of people live in suspicion, desperately hording their meagre supplies. Based on the best selling book by Joss Hedley
46 ::: Killing Grace (????) ::: thriller ::: A prominent couple are returning home when their vehicle unexpectedly crashes into a ditch on a dark desolate road. The husband is injured badly. the wife flags down another car to take her for help. On their way back to save her husband, the wife finds herself on a sudden life threatening detour.
47 ::: The End of Ageing (2010) ::: documentary ::: All over the world, human beings are living longer than ever before. This is due to many factors, including improved living conditions, lifestyle choices and medical advancements. While there is not a single cause, a growing community of scientists are pushing the limits of life expectancy. In the not-too-distant future, they may even be able to halt ageing altogether. As the world's population continues to live longer, our current economic systems will no longer be sustainable. Health care systems, and the economies that fund them, need to make major changes. Because a growing number of people are healthy enough continue to work and play, we will need to reevaluate the nature of employment and recreation.
48 ::: Begegnung mit Fritz Lang (1964) ::: short ::: Interview with Fritz Lang on the roof of Villa Malaparte on Capri during the filming of the fictitious film "Odysseus" and the filming of "Le mépris" by Jean-Luc Godard, in which Fritz Lang plays the role of an old film director called Lang. Interview with Fritz Lang on the roof of Villa Malaparte on Capri during the filming of the fictitious film "Odysseus" and the filming of "Le mépris" by Jean-Luc Godard, in which Fritz Lang plays the role of an old film director called Lang. During the interview, excerpts from the long films "The Nibelungen", "The Tired Death" and "M" are shown.
49 ::: La Habanera (1937) ::: drama ::: Astrée Sternhjelm is visiting Puerto Rico with her aunt Ana, and is enchanted by the island. The day before leaving she meets the wealthy Don Pedro at a bullfight arena, and is infatuated by him. Just before the ship takes off, she hears the song "La Habanera" sung by some natives at the quay. The song strikes a chord in her heart, and without hesitating she leaves the boat to find Don Pedro. After some weeks they get married. Ten years later her paradise has turned into hell. She is locked up with her son Juan in the big estate by her jealous and controlling husband. In Stockholm her aunt Ana is financing a foundation, which is sending two doctors to Puerto Rico to research a tropical fever. One of them, Dr. Sven Nagel, was once in love with Astrée, and the aunt asks him to find out what has happened to her niece. When the two doctors arrive to the island, they are met with hostility from the authorities and the local doctors, who are afraid that news about the tropical fever in the world press, would cause all investors to withdraw from Puerto Rico. The Swedish doctors succeed secretly to get a bacteriological sample and develop an antidote. Don Pedro invites them to a party in his house, as part of a plot to get them imprisoned.
50 ::: Crooked Tree (????) ::: thriller ::: The customarily docile bears in the north woods inexplicably turn aggressive because of the bearwalk, an ancient practice of transmigration of souls of people into animals by those who inhabited the Great Lakes region before the coming of the Europeans. Small town attorney Axel Michelson comes to realize his Native American wife Janis, a descendant of Ottawa chiefs, is possessed by the same evil that possesses the bears, and to stop the rampage, to save his wife, Axel must learn the old ways and defeat the ancient evil on its own terms
51 ::: Hot Chocolate (2004) ::: documentary ::: Hot Chocolate is a documentary that chronicles the 2003 Chocolate skateboard team tour. The video showcases the talents of new additions Marc Johnson, Justin Eldridge and Chris Roberts as well as day-oners like Chico Brenes and Daniel Castillo. Interviews and voice-overs give insight into the team's personality and life on the road. Special features include: Girl High Fives on the I-5 tour, a slide-show, and an emotional opening with a tribute to the late Keenan Milton.
52 ::: Saving Barbara Sizemore (2016) ::: documentary ::: Black Schools Matter. The Barbara A. Sizemore Academy is an Afrocentric school in Chicago that city school officials targeted for closure in 2015. But a group of 7th and 8th grade filmmakers and their teacher were not going to stand for it. The Barbara A. Sizemore Academy (BASA) is the "Jewel of Englewood": an Afrocentric oasis of primary education in a community unfortunately known for its high murder rate, as featured in Spike Lee's "Chiraq". A chance encounter at a restorative justice seminar between BASA's head of cultural affairs, Jonathan Speller, and filmmaker David Steiner, turns out to be high-order serendipity: mere days after their meeting, Speller learns that the Chicago Public School District has slated BASA for closure due to its allegedly low test scores. In collaboration with the fiercely dedicated BASA teachers and administrators - and in a stroke of the creative genius for which he was known - Steiner arms five students with video cameras. Through them, they learn to tell not only their own stories of perseverance against all odds, but the truth behind the test scores upon which their beloved school's closure is based. The film highlights the cultural empowerment of BASA's curriculum and devoted teachers, as well as the inspiration that the students find both behind the camera lens and before it. This beautiful film is nothing short of a David-and-Goliath story that leaves audience members enthralled. The Barbara A. Sizemore Academy, an Afrocentric school in crime-ridden Englewood, is slated for closure. Arming five students with video cameras, filmmaker David Steiner shows them how to plead their school's case through the power of film.
53 ::: El enfermo imaginario (2011) ::: comedy ::: Argan, a rich, eccentric hypochondriac, will do anything to defeat his fear of dying. When he tries to marry daughter Angelique to doctor Cleonte, Argan's rebellious daughter, strong-willed servants, and scheming wife all swing into action to save themselves from the impending domestic disaster. Can anyone reform Argan's health care? Can his brother convince him he's not really dying?
54 ::: Two Women (????) ::: documentary ::: "We are two women, who have each grown in our own Grandmother's country. We have some knowledge and insights to share with you, if you wish to listen. Our knowledge comes from Aboriginal terms of reference, and our insights from an Aboriginal Perspective, and of course we acknowledge that there are many Aboriginal Perspectives: this is ours." Aunty Mary Graham is a Kombu-Merri woman from the Gold Coast and is affiliated with the Wakka Wakka language group through her mother. Aunty Lilla Watson was raised on the banks of the Dawson River; the Brigalow country of her mother's people. In this documentary, these two knowledgeable women share, through Aboriginal terms of reference, the tenets of human conditioning. .They both discuss the privilege of human relationships, and the symbiotic connection that humans occupy with country.
55 ::: "B4U Talk of the Town" (2012) ::: talk-show ::: Talk of the Town covering all your events, fashion shows, exhibitions, film festivals, conferences and more. Talk of the Town USA is packed with entertainment, glamour, style in your city your town, your community.
56 ::: Dark Remains (2005) ::: horror ::: When the daughter Emma of the technical writer Allen Pyke and the photographer Julie is found slashed in the throat and wrists in their locked apartment, the couple decides to move to an isolated cabin in the mountains in Kingspike. Julie is very depressed and blames Allen for the death of Emma. Once in the new home, Julie sees the spirit of Emma in a photo she took in a nearby abandoned prison and she becomes obsessed shooting pictures of poltergeists. Allen is advised to move from the place by the local Jim Payne, and on May 21st, Allen finds that the former dwellers of the cabin have committed suicide, and he investigates the death in the spot and finds that many people died around May 22nd. He decides to move with Julie to a hotel, but she does not want to give up on Emma.
57 ::: Race Across America: Push Beyond (2017) ::: documentary ::: Marshall Nord is a 49-year-old executive, Father, husband and amateur endurance athlete. He has 30 years of multi-sport experience behind him, having run marathons, Iron Mans, triathlons, you name it. But with the big 5-0 looming, he is desperate to achieve something truly epic. And what is more epic than taking on the toughest ultra-endurance cycling event in the world? The Race Across America is a 3,070 mile bicycle race from the West to East of the USA, that must be completed in under 12 days. With a small support crew made up of family and friends but not a minute of RAAM experience between them, the odds are stacked against him. Marshall is determined to push beyond in order to achieve his goal however, no matter what obstacles the race, rules or road can throw in his way.
58 ::: Murderer (2006) ::: horror ::: Set in a dark prison cell on death row, a serial killer ponders the meaning of his life, and decides to kill himself just to experience the rush of dying. He notices that every time he tries to kill himself, some other 'bad' person dies instead. He assumes he is dreaming, as he is also haunted by a strange creature like prison guard who appears every time he attempts suicide. The murderer tries to come up with bizarre ways to finally kill himself once and for all. Ultimately, there is a chilling confrontation between the murderer and the creature haunting him.
59 ::: Édouard et Caroline (1951) ::: comedy ::: Edouard is a pianist, married with Caroline. This evening, they are invited to Claude's. Claude is the snobbish uncle of Caroline, his son Alain (as snobbish as his father) is in love with Caroline. They spite Edouard a little because he's poor. At the party, Edouard must play the piano to make himself known by Claude's important acquaintances. But just before leaving, Edouard and Caroline quarrel about clothes, and Edouard goes alone...
60 ::: The Fatal Game (1997) ::: documentary ::: In 1994, New Zealand mountaineer, Mark Whetu, summitted Mt Everest with climbing partner and friend Mike Reinberger. However it was late in the day and after a freezing night on the summit, Whetu was faced with a terrible decision...to leave Reinberger or stay with him forever.
61 ::: The Painter (2015/I) ::: drama ::: Lily is a young acting student who works thirty hours a week to pay for tuition. One late night a young artist comes in minutes before closing time. This young artist is named Iris. It is here where the love story begins. Lily takes an interest in the sketch Iris has in front of him. Iris explains to Lily that he is working on his master piece the Monomyth. A series of paintings telling the story of Hero and his battle. Iris has a secret that he does not want to reveal to Lily though. Iris cannot paint sober, he feels that he must be under the influence of heroin to paint well. Iris is faced with the challenge of finishing his master piece sober for the sake of Lily. Love is a powerful emotion, but drugs and addiction may be just powerful enough to take everything Iris has.
62 ::: Il cappotto di Astrakan (1979) ::: comedy ::: Piero arrives in Paris from Luino after having won a pool tournament with friends. In the train he meets the famous place Ramazzini and has so many incidents that culminated with his arrest and the confiscation by the commissioner Juvet. Released, find randomly hospitality at the madame Lenormand and know the great painter Valentine. Both women are tied up, as a wife and lover, Maurice, in prison for robbery. A day Piero wears a mistake and the coat of astrakhan, Maurice, and then...
63 ::: "Your Screen Test" (2007) ::: reality-tv ::: Your Screen Test is an eight-week reality television series on the Rogers TV community channel in Ottawa, Ontario, which aired in 2007. Prospective contestants submit an audition tape or come into the Rogers TV studio to audition. Competitors chosen to participate compete in various challenges that highlight necessary TV skills - everything from preparation, interviewing, writing, ad-lib and dealing with a live audience. The winner received their own four-episode television series, which aired in Fall 2007 on Rogers TV.
64 ::: Wojeck: Out of the Fire (1992) ::: drama ::: Formee Coroner Dr. Steve Wojeck returns to Toronto after 21 years working at a clinic in the Congo. He reunites with his daughter, a Doctor, and attempts to reconcile with his ex-wife and gets embroiled with the plight of a family of refugees from Guetamala.
65 ::: Hooligan Legacy (2016) ::: crime ::: Four men, no strangers to unlawful transgressions, execute a daring football stadium robbery, but the volatile dynamic soon turns sour when the leader of the group becomes paranoid and begins to self destruct. Years later, after a stint in prison, the villainous leader is unrelenting in his path to retribution, he wants his years back and will take them from all of the men who know the true reasons for his prolonged captivity.
66 ::: "George & Leo" (1997) ::: comedy ::: George Stoody is a mild-mannered bookstore owner who encounters a hoodlum/magician named Leo Wagonman, the estranged father of his new daughter-in-law Casey. Leo, on the run from a mob intent on collecting the payoff money Leo stole from a Las Vegas casino, decides to stay in the spare room above George's bookstore.
67 ::: Matakot ka sa karma (2006) ::: horror ::: This is a horror trilogy "about an antique shop where the pieces of the furniture each have their own stories from the past. The new owners get their little piece of horror," says Joey Reyes. In "Kama," Aleli purchases an antique bed, not realizing that its previous owner of the bed is out to claim her son. "Aparador" is about a couple who purchased an antique cabinet where a young man died inside before. In "Tokador", an independent woman gets a possessed dresser out to take her soul.
68 ::: Space Girls in Beverly Hills (2009) ::: sci-fi ::: Three vibrantly retro space girls from the planet Vanisia must try to fit in as normal Beverly Hills women when they suddenly make a crash landing in the backyard of wealthy infamous playboy Baron Von Benson. Baron and his women chasing buddy Steve, soon realize that it takes something out of this galaxy to tame their cheap bad boy ways.
69 ::: La capsula (2009) ::: short ::: Italian millionaire Moritz Craffonara dreams about 'a bed under the stars'. He asks his friend Ross Lovegrove for help and the British designer constructs something that nobody thought was possible: a floating space capsule on top of a 2100 meter mountain in the heart of the Alps. The project was named "Alpine Capsule" and gained media attention all over the world. But eventually it is something way bigger: It became Moritz' monument. A documentary about the limits of modern technology and the human fear of being forgotten.
70 ::: Herr über Leben und Tod (1955) ::: drama ::: Barbara is married to Georg Bertram, a professor of medicine who once saved her father's life. Things go awry for the couple when she gives birth to a mentally defective child. For Georg, coldly clinical, euthanizing the infant is the only way out. He is about to commit the irreparable when Barbara manages to interrupt his fatal act. By mutual agreement, husband and wife decide that Barbara will go to Saint-Guénolé in Brittany, where she and their son will be cared for by Louise Kerbrec, Georg's former nurse, in the hypothetical hope that the boy's condition will improve. What they do not know yet is that Barbara will meet there another doctor, Daniel Karentis, much more sympathetic than Georg and also much handsomer...
71 ::: The Marvellous World of Roald Dahl (2016) ::: documentary ::: Fighter pilot, inventor, spy - the life of Roald Dahl is often stranger than fiction. From crashing his plane over Africa to hobnobbing in Hollywood and his remarkable encounters with everyone from Walt Disney to President Roosevelt - this is the story of his greatest adventures and how his real-life escapades find expression in his most famous books, from Charlie and the Chocolate Factory to Matilda. Through a vast collection of his letters, writings and archive, the story is told largely in his own words with contributions from his last wife Liccy, daughter Lucy and biographer Donald Sturrock. Long-term collaborator and illustrator Quentin Blake also creates exclusive new drawings for the film which are specially animated to bring Dahl's marvellous world to life.
72 ::: Ranta (2006) ::: drama ::: Ranta is the story of a successful psychiatrist who arranges a therapy camp for three of his patients, each paying a small fortune to participate. Each patient gets their own task and has to be committed to it. For one it's faith, for another hope and for the last one it's love. During their stay they will understand the meaning of those themes and when it's over no one will be the same as when they arrived...
73 ::: Casino Fortune (1989) ::: adult ::: A Casino Roulette gaming system to break the bank -- sounds like... what, Spam? No, it's the "basis" of this movie, but you won't take that seriously, even if you don't fall of the bed laughing because of the cute picture of the "professor" on the floor using a toy Roulette wheel and klicking the keys of an Atari ST computer (probably the same the all-electronic MIDI-music soundtrack was produced on? back in '89 STs were superior to PCs!).
74 ::: Churchill's Darkest Decision (2009) ::: documentary ::: The background to, events of and consequences of the Battle of Mers-El-Kebir on 3 July 1940. In that battle, Royal Navy ships fired on the French Fleet in order to prevent it from falling into German hands. A French battleship was sunk and several other ships damaged. Nearly 1,300 French sailors were killed.
75 ::: "Nedjeljom u dva" (2000) ::: talk-show ::: Croatian linguist Snjezana Kordic ascertains that since 1990, purism and prescriptivism have been the main features of language policy in Croatia, which is manifested, among other things, by replacing English words with Croatian substitutes. She does not approve this type of language politics. Kordic describes the language of Croats, Serbs, Bosniaks and Montenegrins as a pluricentric language, with four standard variants spoken in Croatia, Serbia, Montenegro and Bosnia and Herzegovina. These variants do differ slightly, as is the case with other pluricentric languages (e.g. English, German, French, Portuguese, Spanish), but not to a degree which would justify considering them as different languages. This fact suggests by no means a re-establishment of a common state, since standard variants of all other polycentric languages are spoken in different countries, e.g. English in the USA, UK, Australia, and Canada, German in Austria, Germany, and Switzerland.
76 ::: Ma Loute (2016) ::: comedy ::: Summer 1910. Several tourists have vanished while relaxing on the beautiful beaches of the Channel Coast. Infamous inspectors Machin and Malfoy soon gather that the epicenter of these mysterious disappearances must be Slack Bay, a unique site where the Slack river and the sea join only at high tide. There lives a small community of fishermen and other oyster farmers. Among them evolves a curious family, the Bréfort, renowned ferrymen of the Slack Bay, lead by the father nick-named "The Eternal", who rules as best as he can on his prankster bunch of sons, especially the impetuous Ma Loute, aged 18. Towering high above the bay stands the Van Peteghems' mansion. Every summer, this bourgeois family - all degenerate and decadent from inbreeding - stagnates in the villa, not without mingling during their leisure hours of walking, sailing or bathing, with the ordinary local people, Ma Loute and the other Bréforts. Over the course of five days, as starts a peculiar love story between Ma Loute and the young and mischievous Billie Van Peteghem, confusion and mystification will descend on both families, shaking their convictions, foundations and way of life.
77 ::: "Karate Tortoise" (2017) ::: comedy ::: There is just one citizen standing in the way of famous entrepreneur-turned-politician Fatty Bonati's total subjugation of the Big City: a diminutive, unimpressive vigilante known as "The Karate Tortoise." Most tortoise than martial artist, this red belt has taken it upon himself to steal and consume all of Fatty Bonati's famous pizza. Armed with a band of freakish supervillains, Fatty sets out to capture the Karate Tortoise to make his five star tortoise pie. But just when the going gets tough, Karate Tortoise enlists the help of a pair of unlikely apprentices: an ass-kicking Damsel, and a washed-up marathoner, Dust Bunny. Together, the three Tortoise Revengers fight Fatty Bonati's super villains as they embark on a quest to topple Fatty from power-- and nab all of his delish pizza in the process, of course.
78 ::: O Amuleto de Ogum (1974) ::: drama ::: To entertain some thieves, a blind guitar player tells them the story of a man from the Northeast of Brazil, involved with criminals living in the suburbs of Rio de Janeiro, who allegedly had a "closed body", meaning that his body couldn't be hit by bullets or other weapons, by the wish of Ogum, one of the gods of Candomblé, a religion common in Brazil and Africa.
79 ::: Pioneer Marshal (1949) ::: western ::: Santa Dolores is a small western town that is a haven for outlaws and is ruled with an iron hand by Bruce Burnett who extracts large sums for protection from the law. Harvey Masters, a Kansas City policeman disguised as a perfume salesman, comes to town looking for the killer of his brother but is shot down in cold blood by Burnett's henchman Clip Pearson. Ted Post, posing as a cattle broker but really a Dallas Marshal on the trail of an embezzler of cattleman's association funds, gets close scrutiny from the Pearson, but manages to pass himself off as an escaped killer. Ted contacts Huck Homer, a reformed petty-thief who now owns a locksmith shop. Huck is aware of Ted's true identity but can be trusted not to reveal it. Ted finds that the object of his search, Larry Forester, and his sister Susan are in the town, and Susan has been trying to get Larry to return to Dallas and face the charges. Ted finds evidence he needs against Larry and arrests him, but when Larry says that Burnett will force Susan to pay dearly for the loss of the money from his safe, Ted decides to go back and rescue the girl.
80 ::: Smooth Operator (1995/I) ::: drama ::: Grace (Megan Hughes) is an executive on the rise at a major corporation. Her steely determination to climb the ladder of success leaves her little time for a personal life, but when she hires good-looking personal trainer Brian (Doug Jeffery), she finds herself strongly attracted to him, and he, a man with an eye for the ladies, senses her interest in him and soon seduces her. She becomes obsessed with him, but he regards her as just another fling, which leads to unhappiness for both of them later on.
81 ::: Savage Lagoon (2007) ::: horror ::: Beautiful countess of Rudlov disappears in late 1940s. The legend blames the monster, the people blame the lagoon. Nearly 50 years later, the spirited Illona Rudlov, is a struggling ballerina living in New York. When the Velvet Revolution occurs, she decides to go to Czechoslovakia to reclaim her ancestors castle. She falls for a handsome hunter, (Jan) Paul Hawkins and is haunted by a mysterious creature there.
82 ::: Minus zwei (2005) ::: drama ::: Tim is having a birthday party in a big basement, he leased for the day. Almost everybody he knows is there; his buddy Freddo, a weed smoking wise ass. Kiana, who's only focus is on getting an old boyfriend laid and Michael. He goes straight over the top by using too much alcohol and illegal drugs. A party with events everybody of us should recognize. Shot in just a few days by four different directors, "minus zwei" shows us four individual memories of four attending party-guests.
83 ::: Rare Blood (2017) ::: thriller ::: This fast paced, dramatic thriller is set on a remote farm in the KZN Midlands. A family that once dreamed of an idyllic country existence find themselves submerged in a dystopian nightmare. KEIRA (Annie Robinson) and EMMA (Ella Grealy) return from a trip abroad to their home in the Midlands to a world turned upside down by her husband PANOS (Brendan Grealy), and Emma's father. GUNTHER (Mark Mulder) is a friend of Panos and Keira and is helping set up a business deal while staying rent-free in a cottage on the farm. OLGA (Fiona Ramsay) is Panos's sister and together the two hatch a plan to drive Keira from the farm. The film portrays that struggle, an urgent, heart wrenching one night of hell where they have to act and think fast to survive. Keira is surrounded by a slow rot of hidden agendas and it seems that there is no where to turn.
84 ::: "Paid Programming Presents..." (2014) ::: comedy ::: Welcome to Golden Picture Studios, a cheap production company responsible for all those bad local business commercials you see on TV. The show follows the mismatched production team as they take on new tasks with absurdest humor and over-the-top arguments.
85 ::: Blue Jeans (1982) ::: adult ::: Fashion designer Gene and his buxom wife Debbie are a loving couple. Alas, Gene's secretary Elley goes for his privates in a locker room, and Debbie runs away after seeing them. After she faces Gene, Debbie gets together with her old acquaintance Tony. Meanwhile, a party goer hippie woman knocks by mistake on the couple's door, but decides to seduce their new hired Mexican chef Ric. Debbie's sister Cindy comes to visit and reminds Debbie how close they were. As important client Mssr. DuBois arrives for dinner, Cindy drugs the food. Already high herself, Cindy seduces chef Ric in the kitchen. With everybody else also high, Cindy goes for DuBois' privates. The only one who avoided the food was Debbie, who uses the chaos to run off with Tony who sneaked in earlier.
86 ::: My Homework Ate My Dog (2009) ::: family ::: Lyle Licketti never ever does his homework. Whether it is an alien who stole it or a pet dinosaur, he'll weave a tall tale about how he couldn't do his homework. His third grad teacher, Mrs. Cee, tired of his lies, won't tolerate his shenanigans today. Today is test day. She wants him to take his quiz, quietly. Last night, Lyle's homework ate his dog. Now, the homework is after him and no one at school will listen to his story (performed in rhyme). Will Lyle be able to persuade his classmates and Mrs. Cee before it's too late?
87 ::: Crossing Over: Angels, Spirit Guides and Earthbound Ghosts (2014) ::: mystery ::: Diana Palm is a medium, paranormal investigator, afterlife researcher and author of "Setting Spirits Free". After living in numerous haunted houses she decided to develop her gifts in working with the spirit world. She became a Theta Healing Practitioner and Instructor to assist others in their own healing and understanding of the spirit realms. Join Diana as she presents information gathered over a lifetime of working within the spiritual dimensions including: crossing spirits over; how to do a proper investigation; what happens to our soul upon death; afterlife communication; earthbound ghosts; calling upon angels, saints and guides; and more.
88 ::: Blood on the Wall$ (2005) ::: drama ::: "Blood On The Wall$" is a whodunit and a character study, with the look of a Cassavetes-like independent film. It is the story of Cooper Michaels, a once super-successful television producer, who smokes up his career in a crack-fueled downward spiral. Leaving Hollywood and returning to his adopted hometown of Baltimore, the former investigative journalist stumbles upon the story of Swiss Williams, a young painter on the rise in the art world. The day before his highly anticipated New York gallery debut, Swiss Williams -who has dubbed himself the "Jay-Z" of painters- kills the influential and mysterious art dealer/gallery owner, Kwame Pierre Addo, and then turns the gun on himself. As Cooper Michaels investigates his feature story for Baltimore Magazine-which he also hopes to option as a screenplay for his Hollywood comeback-Cooper not only begins to piece together the curious life of Swiss Williams, but he is also forced to come to terms with his own fractured portrait, as both a writer and a father.
89 ::: Onset I Offset (2006) ::: documentary ::: A documentary, attending the origin of a film. The small team of director Bernd Schoch went through the struggles of a 36-hour bus ride to Bucharest to follow his professor Didi Danquart, who was shooting his film "Offset" in the city. ONSET/OFFSET is less a "making of", but rather a colorful introduction to the country and its people of the new candidate joining the EU.
90 ::: Bartleby (1970/II) ::: drama ::: Updated to 1970s London, this faithful adaptation of Herman Melville's classic follows a young accounting clerk rebelling against his employer by responding to demands to do work by saying, "I prefer not to." This is carried on ad absurdum until the office is in chaos because the other employees must do Bartleby's work. His boss is unable to fire or help him and eventually has him placed in a mental hospital. Paul Scofield (A Man for All Seasons), John McEnery (The Duellists) and Thorley Walters (TV's "Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy") star in this impeccably mounted study of employment, insanity, and the rigors of everyday life from one of literature's most acclaimed geniuses.
91 ::: Truth About Lions: The End of the Road? (2011) ::: documentary ::: The lion's social nature makes it both complicated and fascinating. Lion expert and BBC Big Cat presenter, Jonathan Scott, has lived in Kenya, in East Africa, and watched the most famous lion pride in the world, the Marsh Pride, for more than 30 years. With the help of the latest lion research from Professor Craig Packer and his team at the Serengeti Lion Project, Jonathan takes a fresh look at the lions he knows so well. He reveals why male lions have a mane, why murderous step-fathers are an important part of lion family life and discovers why being social brings unique challenges for the survival of the species as a whole. Living in prides once helped the lion to be the most widespread land mammal on Earth after humans, but now it could be their downfall as they are increasingly restricted to small parts of Africa.
92 ::: Crime Delicado (2005) ::: drama ::: Antônio Martins, respected theatrical critic, is a very rational man. But a chance meeting with young Inęs, a nude painting model, is going to rock him. Inęs keeps a relationship with painter José Torres Campana, an older man with a deep influence over her. Antônio gets jealous, and the three become characters of a drama saturated with desire and danger.
93 ::: The Creation of the Humanoids (1962) ::: sci-fi ::: The survivors of a nuclear holocaust fuse man with machine, creating cyborgs to assist in the rebuilding of civilization. However, the blue-skinned androids rebel against their masters and go to war with the remnants of humanity. Many years after a nuclear war destroyed much of human kind, the survivors have created a new society where much of the work done by artificial beings referred to derisively by humans as "clickers". Humans are producing fewer and fewer children and are less than a year away from having more artificial beings than humans. Most vociferous about the evolving situation is the Order of Flesh and Blood, an organization that is out to ensure that humans remain dominant. Among them is Capt. Kenneth Cragis who becomes very concerned that his sister Esme has formed a relationship with one of the artificial beings. He quickly forms a close relationship with Esme's friend Maxine Megan. Soon, they learn a great secret that affects them both directly.
94 ::: Operation Bannana Split (????) ::: family ::: Hannah and Colleen's parents have been fighting for as long as they can remember. The girls decide to work together to split their parents up for their own good. However, their parents start working equally hard to stay together for the girls' own good.
95 ::: The Cellar Door 2: Preymates (????) ::: thriller ::: The nightmare continues for Rudy even though Herman has been locked away in an institution for the criminally insane. A mysterious copycat killer is stalking her, taunting her with the last words on earth she wants to hear; "Herman wants to play".
96 ::: [Rec] 2: En un mundo de infectados (2010) ::: documentary ::: This feature documentary follows the various different phases of making of _[Rec]˛ (2009)_ (qv) from pre-production and planning sequences, technical locations, rehearsals with actors, the shoot and post-production of both images and sound.
97 ::: Agni kai atimasmeni (1962) ::: drama ::: As indicated by the title, this is an obvious melodrama, where a beautiful rich girl (Miranda), departs from family norms and traditions by falling in love with a poor singer - obliging her to leave home. The singer also deserts her, but the heroine can no longer return home. With the help of the "emancipated" Florance, she is driven to prostitution, where she will experience countless humiliations, but, at the same time, her soul remains untouched and absolutely pure.
98 ::: Dr. Del (2016) ::: drama ::: Del Canyon reluctantly returns to his small hometown to run his family's apothecary, the only source for medical attention for hundreds of miles. The series will follow his emergence as the town healer while he grapples between his desire to distance himself from a painful past and his inability to turn his back on a community struggling to find its place in contemporary America.
99 ::: Henry & Verlin (1996) ::: drama ::: Verlin is 9 years old and does not talk, nor does he even seem to hear. Henry, a child-like adult, befriends Verlin and pulls him from his shell. Verlin's mother mistrusts Henry, who she feels is dangerous. Eventually, Henry's family is convinced that he should be placed in an institution. Henry's sudden disappearance from Verlin's world drives him deeper into himself. It's 1935 in rural Opeongo County, Ontario. Henry, who still lives with his parents, is a hulking man, which belies his slow mental status more closely resembling that of a child in many respects. Although many in the county view Henry as harmless, those who not support that view look to his association with such people as Elvin, who believes angels live behind his eyes, and one-legged Mabel, who lives by her own code, as confirmation that he is a menace. Nine year old Verlin is Henry's nephew, the son of Henry's brother Ferris and Ferris' wife Minnie. Verlin does not speak nor does he seem responsive to human stimuli, something that only occurred as he came out of infancy. It isn't until Henry starts spending time with Verlin that Verlin seems to become happy and respond to a human around him. However, Minnie wants to believe that response is for her. She also does not not trust Henry who increasingly takes off with Verlin on their adventures without asking either her or Ferris. As such, Minnie, like many in the county, want to see Henry institutionalized as she fears he could be a danger to Verlin. Caught in the middle is Ferris, who, like his and Henry's parents, loves and inherently trust him, but who wants to ensure Verlin's safety and happiness and wants to retain a supportive marriage with Minnie.
100 ::: Move It: Reel 2 Real Documentary (2018) ::: documentary ::: In 1994 the reggae/dance duo Reel 2 Real, featuring The Mad Stuntman (Mark Quashie), a talented young reggae artist from Trinidad and Tobago and Erick Morillo a Colombian-American DJ, music producer and record label owner created one of the hottest international dance songs, "I Like to Move it." The song took the world by storm charting internationally becoming a multi-platinum single and solidified its position within pop culture when in 2005 it was featured in the popular movie Madagascar. The documentary "Move it" gives us a candid look at The Mad Stuntman's quick rise to fame to the fall of one of the most successful groups in the 90's from the people who know him best. More than 20+ years later, can The Mad Stuntman defy the odds and recreate the success he once held?
101 ::: Piigs (2017) ::: documentary ::: PIIGS is a documentary that challenges prevalent European budgetary policies and the austerity dogma. It does so by bringing in lesser-known facts and evidence that have the effect of ridiculing prevalent European monetary policies and dominant political certainties. Did you know that the famous god-like Stability and Growth Pact with its 3% deficit limit and theories about critical government debt levels are based on purely invented figures and typing errors in Excel spreadsheet? However, austerity policies keep on dividing the continent into winners and loosers, creating great amount of suffering, particularly in so-called crisis countries. Consequently, the whole European project has become in doubt. PIIGS is a Southern European take into austerity dogma and states with the voice of prestigious international economists, intellectuals and experts, that the origin of the European debt crisis is not the inadequacy of people in crisis countries but the very foundation of euro itself. Unfortunately people are not immune to bad decision making, and the documentary shows how austerity turns into practice in Rome, focusing on a survival story of a cooperative assisting disabled people.
102 ::: Holiday Greetings 1941 (1941) ::: short ::: Lewis Stone urges movie-goers to appreciate those in the US armed forces who will be spending the holidays overseas, away from their families. On behalf of everyone in motion pictures, he wishes them "a very happy, and a free, holiday."
103 ::: Truth of the Situation: Making 'The Counselor' (2014) ::: documentary ::: This documentary is divided into 13 segments. The segments feature notes from Ridley Scott, screenwriter Cormac McCarthy, production designer Arthur Max, special effects technician Matthew Horton, executive producer Mark Huffam, supervising location manager James Grant, costume designer Janty Yates, cheetah handler Alan Ames and actors Cameron Diaz, Michael Fassbender, and Javier Bardem. These segments look at the screenplay and the movie's development, story/characters/themes, sets and locations, costumes, hair and effects, and additional areas.
104 ::: "Sanford" (1980) ::: comedy ::: In this sequel to the hugely successful "Sanford and Son", this show picks up where the original show left off. Lamont has moved away to work on the Alaska pipeline, leaving Fred alone to run the junkyard by himself. Cal, a friend of Lamont's, moves down to Watts to help Fred run the business. In the meantime, Fred meets a rich widow named Eve and falls in love. This is not good news for Eve's family who don't like the fact that she would fall for a common junk man. The show follows Fred as he keeps on trying to make his junk business a success and his love affair with Eve.
105 ::: Shin kagiana karamiau shita to shita (2005) ::: mystery ::: A beautiful woman marries a wealthy man, who for years chose to be a bachelor in spite of numerous female suitors. At first the marriage is perfect; he's a loving husband and an enthusiastic lover. But soon the romance cools and the wife discovers that it has to do with a secret kept in the attic, something - or someone - he visits every night, that is changing him from a loving husband into a stranger... Akira Fukamachi directs this erotic and atmospheric drama. A beautiful woman marries a wealthy man, who for years chose to be a bachelor inspite of numerous female suitors. At first the marriage is perfect; he's a loving husband and an enthusiastic lover. But soon the romance cools and the wife discovers that it has to do with a secret kept in the attic, something - or someone - he visits every night, that is changing him from a loving husband into a stranger... Akira Fukamachi directs this erotic and atmospheric drama. Directed by Akira Fukamachi
106 ::: The Bourne Identity: Cloak and Dagger: Covert Ops (2004) ::: short ::: We hear from CIA officer Chase Brandon as he talks about the agency's set-up, the work of field operatives, and his thoughts about depiction of various elements in the film. As with its predecessors, this show remains superficial, but it gives us an enjoyable and concise piece.
107 ::: The Wild Bull's Lair (1925) ::: western ::: Resentful college graduate Eagle Eye, disguises himself as a white man and persuades James Harbison to create a new breed of cattle by crossing cows with bison. The first of the strain, a wild bull called Diablo, escapes from Harbison's ranch and goes to Skull Mountain, headquarters of a band of savage Indians led by Eagle Eye and dedicated to the destruction of the white man. Eagle Eye trains the bull to lead away the rancher's cattle and to gore anyone who attempts to stop him. Dan Allen is sent by the government to investigate and goes to the Harbison ranch, where he falls in love with Eleanor, the rancher's pretty daughter. Eagle Eye lures Harbison and his daughter to Skull Mountain and sets Diablo loose on them; Dan arrives and overcomes the bull. All ends well and Dan marries Eleanor.
108 ::: Pokriv (1978) ::: drama ::: Kiril is a long-distance lorry driver. His one and only dream in life is to build a house for his family as befits the head of the family. He wants a roof for his wife and child. To make his dream come true, he is indiscriminate in the choice of ways he takes advantages of his friends. He moonlights and takes up the most exhausting jibs. He even steals construction materials and uses the lorry to make money on the side. The idea of material well-being becomes a fetish in the minds of Kiril and his wife. However, a most unexpected turn of events jolts his family life. An excitable gypsy woman comes into Kiril's life and he falls in love with her recklessly and wholeheartedly. His infatuation draws him away from his old monotonous routine. It is also a kind of revolt against his empty life, devoid of any noble sentiments. This period of utter abandon is, however, very brief and despite of it, the family house is nevertheless built.
109 ::: The Gang (????/II) ::: action ::: The Gang is a study in the paranoia of power. Following an unspecified job involving an international gang of crooks, Frankie the Londoner is killed by the gang leader, Marquez. But this death-in full view of the gang- is not what it seems. For Frankie had been forewarned and manages to fake his own death. The story, then, starts with a bang and continues at breakneck speed with Frankie wreaking revenge on the gang as he tries to find out who betrayed him. The story lurches from one corner of Europe to another, pulling in Frankie's old London gang. Meanwhile, Marquez jumps to a false conclusion that this gang had reacted to Frankie's death and is hellbent on teaching Marquez a lesson. The stage is set for a showdown in Marquez' fortress in the Canaries where the paranoia is ratcheted up and the body count reaches Shakespearian proportions.
110 ::: The Bookartist (2015) ::: short ::: The aspiring artist Robert Nippoldt has a vision: He wants to make a book. It shall be bright and bold - and bring him wealth and glory. Quickly, the publisher is won over and the artist is able to begin his work. Has he bitten off more than he can chew? The true story about the creation of an award-winning book.
111 ::: Mississippi Cold Case (2007) ::: documentary ::: In 1964 in rural southwest Mississippi, a young black college student, Charles Moore, and his friend Henry Dee, were kidnapped by the White Knights of the Ku Klux Klan, taken into a nearby forest, beaten, tortured, and then taken to the Mississippi River's backwaters, where they were thrown in still alive. For 40 years, nobody seemed to care, except Charles' older brother, military non-comm Thomas Moore. Until, that is, national news organizations began to investigate this "cold case" Civil Rights murder in the late 1990s. David Ridgen, documentary filmmaker for Canadian Broadcasting, took up this cause, along with Thomas Moore. This film is the record of their investigation and their journey back to the sites of the murders. A journey into a true heart of darkness, this one in the United States. One surviving accused killer, James Ford Seale, was convicted belatedly in 2007 and went to prison.
112 ::: "Elles et moi" (2008) ::: drama ::: January 1939. The downfall of Barcelona confirms the default of the Spanish republicans. 500,000 of them had chosen the exile. Once arrived in France, men are disarmed and put in camps: Saint Cyprien, Argelčs. Gurs... Concerning their families, women, children and old people, the administration distributes them in improvised centers, most of them in Ardčche. Elles et moi chooses to follow up the destiny of the Estevas all along these terrible months and the five war years that followed them. Lluís, the father, does not accept the defeat. He lives pursuing the reconquest and sacrifices his own destiny to these ideals. Pilar, his wife, expects to survive in this new country that she guesses will be hers during a long time. Together with her two children, Isabel and Ignacio, first in Ardčche and then in Marsella, always brave, firm, and with a prodigious capacity to adapt, she will accept the help and the proofs of a society undermined by the default and the cooperation. Sixty years later, Isabel Esteva, a famous costume designer, presents in Paris her last fashion collection. She evokes the memories of this confused time; her brother when he entered the Pétain's militia at 17 because he was famine; her father died in October 1944, once back in Spain with some other thousand combatants to prepare an insurrection against general Franco. War, exile, oppression, expectancy always disappointing, and at the same time feeling renewed, for a better world. Life goes on.
113 ::: The Ukes Down Under (2012) ::: documentary ::: The Ukulele Orchestra of Great Britain played their first gig in 1985, and the world has been catching up with them ever since. Riding the global ukulele boom they did so much to inspire, in February 2012 the band embarked on their first World Tour, starting in Australia. Litmus Films filmed The Ukes throughout their two-week trip, capturing backstage mishaps, road trip adventures, jam sessions with local fans, guerrilla gigs at unlikely venues and standing ovations across the country including Sydney Opera House. This intimate, uplifting and entertaining film shows the band as they've never been seen before.
114 ::: Sasu Cha Swayamwar (2013) ::: comedy ::: The frustrated Mohan Seeks a eligible groom for his interfering sasu. The sasu that he has inherited in his dowry.the unwanted dowry that takes his life through various levels of hell. So he arranges a swayamwar and story starts happening. To palm of his sasu he finds three bachelors.This story is all about how the sasu gets married and lead to an unexpected ending. Mohan gets married to Nandini but in dowry he inherits his mother in law Lalitabai this unwanted dowry makes his marriage life miserable Mohan and Nandini are unable to get space in the house frustrated with this he arranges her Swayamwar (self selection) and finds three bachelor's who could marry her.
115 ::: Ember: The Sapphire Empire (????) ::: sci-fi ::: The first movie in the Mission Park Quinology begins with Christopher Ember. When the Sapphire Magician attempts to turn the city of Boston into his own private playground, nobody is safe. Picking up shortly after the events of Mission Park: The Hero Complex, Ember, The Original Man of Fire is forced to revisit his past and piece together why the Sapphire Magician has returned.
116 ::: Young Ideas (1943) ::: comedy ::: Academy Award-winner* Mary Astor (The Maltese Falcon) stars as a widow whose grown children try to break up her romance with a college professor in this charming, offbeat comedy directed by the legendary Jules Dassin (Never on Sunday, Naked City, Rififi). When Susan (Susan Peters) and Jeff Evans (Elliot Reid), the adult children of widowed author and lecturer Jo Evans (Astor), discover that their mother has fallen in love with staid professor Michael Kingsley (Herbert Marshall), they intervene to try to end what they believe is an inappropriate relationship.
117 ::: You Can't Beat Wellington (2011) ::: comedy ::: Donna and Owen are sexually frustrated and being irritating. Doug and Kenny decide to help their friends get laid. They make a bet on who can get the other laid first, then go about coaching their friends with their prospective love interests while trying to sabotage the other person. It all blows up when Kenny and Doug spy on the couples about to consummate their relationships.
118 ::: Noises Off... (1992) ::: comedy ::: Lloyd Fellowes is the director of a theatre company. He's desperately trying to get his production together, despite the best efforts of the cast, the crew, and Lady Luck. We follow the production from final rehersals, through opening night, and onto the tour: as with any group of actors forced to work closely together for any great length of time, romances and arguments are bound to break out. Quite often, what's happening on stage is nothing compared to what's happening backstage....
119 ::: "Surprise Inspection" (2009) ::: reality-tv ::: SURPRISE INSPECTION - Rats. Roaches. Rotten food. Irate owners. It's all in a day's work for the army of public health inspectors, who spend each day keeping the nation's food supply safe from contamination and disease. truTV's cameras will follow inspectors in Providence, R.I., as they shine their flashlights into the darkest corners of some of the city's dirtiest places, including restaurants, hotels, convenience stores, gas stations, stadium concession stands, public swimming pools and health clubs. This show will be a compelling, fast-paced glimpse into the world of those who do their best to keep public places clean and safe.
120 ::: Minas-Texas (1989) ::: adventure ::: In a country town in the state of Minas Gerais , Brazil, Januária is going to marry the shy and naive Amorim. But in her heart she wants to escape with her dream hero, the cowboy Roy Pereira, and start a new life in Texas.
121 ::: Heart Breaks Open (2011) ::: drama ::: A model queer activist and community advocate, Jesus (Maximillian Davis) prides himself in his work with the Seattle LGBT community. At the same time, Jesus is having unprotected sex and cheating on his long-time partner. Jesus's world implodes when he discovers that he is HIV positive, forcing him to confront his innermost fears, his relationship with his ex-boyfriend, and a future living with HIV. Faced with the unknown, Jesus is pulled from the brink of suicide by Sister Alysa Trailer (Brian Peters), a drag queen nun who leads him down a path of self-discovery.
122 ::: "Schicksale - und plötzlich ist alles anders" (2010) ::: drama ::: Viktor Krüger (engl. Krueger) as a single father and ex- Legionnaire Mr. Holger Herrsfeld in "The Sniper " (original title "Der Heckenschütze" S4E402). Season 4 Episode 402: Bettina Wegener (38) has decided to be with her choice as a police officer, to stick with justice and also control as well. But just with her own son Max (15) she seemingly have lost it all. In a moment when she least expects it, she must learn what dark and deep abyss is awaiting behind the reticence of her son - and is thus faced with a decision that will affect not only her career . Director: Andreas Ruhmland. 07.11.2014 17:30, ohne TV Werbung 22:44 min, Š SAT.1
123 ::: Sensual Massage Made Simple (2010) ::: documentary ::: Runner Up: BEST ART DIRECTION--FEATURE --2010 Action On Film International Film FestivalWinner: Award of Merit--2010 Los Angeles Cinema Festival of HollywoodMassage meets the digital age in a 2010 wide-screen production, shot in gorgeous high-definition color.
124 ::: Medius (2016) ::: drama ::: The sequel to 'Foundations,' Medius picks up five years later. Ben and Belle are now living very different lives in different places, haunted by a dark tragedy that changed them forever. One day, by chance, Ben decides to reach out and reconnect with Belle. Through a series of video messages, they begin to enter each others lives again. But things are clearly not OK. For it is one thing entirely to tell your story to camera, but another to actually live it, and it becomes clear to both of them that their new lives aren't as perfect as they make out, as the cracks begin to show, and they are forced to face the trauma that ripped them apart one fateful day five years ago... The sequel to 'Foundations,' Medius picks up five years later. Ben and Belle are now living very different lives in different places, haunted by a dark tragedy that changed them forever. One day, by chance, Ben decides to reach out and reconnect with Belle. Through a series of video messages, they begin to enter each others lives again.
125 ::: Nice n' Tight (1985) ::: adult ::: A busy motel becomes a fantasy ground for its occupants. At first, porn producer Paul gives an impromptu casting couch to a chambermaid. Newlywed Vicky wants her husband Harold to spend their honeymoon just in bed. Shy cowboy Beau hires his first escort Sally Thompson. Young runaway lovers Reggie and Catherine unite in a store room. Friends Nick and Ritchie hire a hooker. Nick wins her company via a coin toss, but she gets him to invite Ritchie along. Buxom aunt Mrs. Robinson gets her younger nephew in his sleep, but it's later revealed it was a hired act. Porn fans Alex and Jeff invite porn stars Karen and Charmel to their room. After Karen and Charmel enjoy each other, Alex gets Charmel and Jeff gets Karen.
126 ::: D'Encre et de Sang (2016) ::: drama ::: Sébastien owns a book shop and has literary ambitions of his own. He befriends Joseph, an established novelist whose work he admires. But when Joseph is killed on his doorstep, Sébastien discovers a mysterious manuscript left behind. Sasha, Sébastien's only child, witnesses Joseph's death, and the effects run deep. She finds herself drawn to the author's son Sidney, and starts a relationship with him. As the two grow closer, she discovers that her father is hiding something. Sidney, feeling betrayed by Sasha, threatens to expose Sébastien to get justice for his father's memory. But his relentless pursuit for the truth leads him to uncover a tragic family secret from which he was protected... until now.
127 ::: "Written Without Consent" (2013) ::: comedy ::: Written Without Consent is a new sketch comedy show from TechNikkel Mass Productions, in association with Arche Films. It's a unique blend of film, music, comedy, and entertainment. Imagine going to a live show and enjoying stand-up comedy and your favorite local band, all interspersed with hilarious skits on the big screen. There may even be a little magic. And when the live show is done, you can go home and watch it on television, just like any other sketch comedy show. That's Written Without Consent.
128 ::: The Sessions (2017) ::: short ::: Inspired by Anton Chekhov's play, Three Sisters, The Sessions follows a contemporary trio of sisters after their English Professor mother has died. They decide to talk about everything in an attempt to avoid the tragedies of the great Russian play they grew up hearing about and being compared to..
129 ::: License to Drive (1988) ::: comedy ::: Les doesn't have a driving license yet, but to impress his gorgeous date Mercedes he borrows his grandpa's Cadillac for a night out... and has to witness the poor car going through more and more intense maltreatments. The sixteen year-old Les Anderson has a crush on his schoolmate Mercedes Lane, but he is shy and she has a boyfriend, Paolo, who has a fancy car. Les and his twin sister Natalie Anderson are preparing to the driving test and while Natalie studies the questions, he does not pay attention to them. Les fails the test but is not brave enough to tell neither to his father Mr. Anderson nor to his pregnant mother Mrs. Andersonand his best friends Dean and the clumsy Charles. When Mercedes has an argument with Paolo, she invites Les to date her to make Paolo jealous. Meanwhile Les' parents discover that he has flunked his driver's test and they ground him. However, when Mercedes calls him asking if they are not going to date, Les sneaks away from his house and drives his grandfather's Cadillac that is parked in the garage to date Mercedes in the beginning of a nightmarish night of adventures. Les Anderson (Corey Haim) is about to take his driving test. He has a few things planned, based on the presumption that he will pass. Not least is a date with the girl of his dreams, Mercedes Lane (Heather Graham). Then he fails, and his plans are shattered. He doesn't tell anyone that he has failed though and goes ahead with the date with Mercedes. Key to his night out is taking his grandfather's prized 16-year old low-mileage Cadillac, left in the care of his father. The car, and his attempts to keep it unharmed, are the source of many adventures that night. However, his friend, Dean (Corey Feldman), is the number 1 source, egging him on. Les is a teenager attempting to learn how to drive, as well as catch the eye of a popular girl. He is able to secure a date with the girl, Mercedes, and it is assumed he will drive. But, he doesn't have his license yet. When it comes time for his driving test, he fails. He doesn't want to risk the chance at going out with Mercedes, so he decides to go anyway. Not only does he disobey his parents by going in the first place, but he takes his grandfather's prized possession - his Cadillac. Will he get through the night without wrecking the car, and get away with sneaking out, or will his plan collapse? 'An innocent girl. A harmless drive. What could possibly go wrong?' For sixteen year old Les Anderson, plenty can go wrong when you have a night like his. He's an adolescent American with dreams of getting his hands on his first driver's license, so he can hit the town cruising with his friends Dean and Charles, but ultimately to impress the girl of his dreams, Mercedes Lane. Unfortunately for Les, his worst nightmare hits home hard when he fails his driving exam and his parents put him on probation for trying to hide the truth, so now his chances of being able to drive are squashed badly. However, Mercedes, who has just broken up with her old boyfriend who's a rich snob, is bored and wants to keep the date that she promised with Les and the youngster's heart skips a beat when she calls him up asking to go out for a night on the town. Les knows he's risking big-time punishment, but he decides that if he's gonna go down, he may as well have some fun with the girl of his dreams. When he takes his grandfather's prized Cadillac on his date with Mercedes, hilarity ensues with him, his friends Dean and Charles and his drunken date as they do all they can to get the Caddy home in one piece as comical disaster roars down the fast lane.
130 ::: WWE Taboo Tuesday (2005) ::: sport ::: John Cena (c) vs Kurt Angle vs Shawn Michaels, Batista vs The Coach, Lance Cade (c) and Trevor Murdoch (c) vs Kane and Big Show, Matt Hardy and Rey Mysterio vs Snitsky and Chris Masters, Trish Stratus (c) vs Maria vs Mickie James vs Victoria vs Candice Michelle vs Ashley, Eugene and 'Superfly' Jimmy Snuka vs Tyson Tomko and Rob Conway, Ric Flair (c) vs Triple H, Carlito vs Mankind.
131 ::: Mister Santa Monica (2018) ::: documentary ::: This is the feature length version of the award winning short film "Mr. Santa Monica." About Nat Trives, the man who cares. Nat has had a significant impact on the City of Santa Monica and the State of California over his 80 plus years. The film comprises of interviews of those people who know Nat and those who have been impacted by him. These interviews are woven together with archival footage and current images of Santa Monica.
132 ::: Red Cap (2001) ::: drama ::: Drama about the Military Police's Special Investigation Branch stationed in Germany. The team, including new member Jo McDonagh, start an investigation when it is found that a British Corporal who attempted suicide was driving the car of Kirsten Railton-Ulmke - the missing wife of a British Army Captain.
133 ::: Marshal Law (2015) ::: western ::: In an alternate history of the United States where the Civil War lasted 10 years, a brilliant scientist is kidnapped by a crazed madman known as John Conway, the United States Marshals are called upon to prevent the impending disaster. To track down Conway, Marshal Colton Barnes enlists the help of Sheriff Royce O'Connell, who has been living in seclusion in an attempt to forget his painful past. Together, they set out with a team of Marshals to hunt down Conway. But nothing can prepare O'Connell or the Marshals for what awaits them.
134 ::: SED: Thirst (2017) ::: horror ::: Dominic and Maria were once a happy and social married couple, but an encounter with an ex turns Dominic's world upside down. Now reclusive and living in a desolate wooded area, the strained relationship is marred by Dominic's dark secret - one that has him thirsting for his wife's blood. "SED" is a modern take on the vampire genre, replacing an often glamorized look with a gritty view of the monster's struggles.
135 ::: Mughal Road (2018) ::: history ::: The movie is tale of a historical event of the battle that took place as Pakistani tribesmen, known as Kabailies, guided by Pakistani armed forces, crossed over to Baramula. Claiming they needed to suppress a rebellion in the Princely state of Jammu and Kashmir, they swiftly moved to take Baramula instead. They reached the outskirts of Shrinagar as they attempted to enter the summer capital with the intention of gaining control of Maharaja's Palace and the Shrinagar Airport. Maharaja Hari Singh made a plea to India for military intervention. Signing instruments of accession, allowing the Government of India legitimate control over Jammu and Kashmir. The war was initially fought between the 1st Sikh Regiment consisting of only 17 soldiers of the Indian armed forces. The Pakistani and tribesmen forces were about ten thousand strong with militia men disguised with Pakistani military officers for tactile and communications support. Baramula, the second largest town, was under siege by Pakistani Kabailies and the Pakistani Army. A major part of the tale describes how a young local boy named Meer Maqbool Sherwani, turns the tide of the battle in favor of the Indian army by bluffing the Pakistani Kabailies concerning the presence of the Indian armies at the Shrinagar Airport.
136 ::: Flintown Kids (2005) ::: documentary ::: The town of Flint, Michigan, a miniscule point on the map, recently drew national attention through documentary film maker Michael Moore. Moore, a Flint native, wrote and directed the documentary Roger and Me about the darker side of capitalism and General Motors. Omar McGee, another Flint native, picks up where Moore left off with Flint Town Kids, a documentary showing the African American dark side of Flint. Flint is predominantly populated by African Americans who migrated from the south after Reconstruction. Flint can be viewed as a microcosm of America's poverty stricken urban areas. Once abandoned by General Motors, Flint became one of the poorest urban areas in the country. Flint Town Kids captures the bleak setting in which these Flint natives exist. It powerfully examines the hardships, the sufferings, mishaps and sacrifices made in order to persist in this town. Flint Town Kids highlights the frightening education system in Flint where schools are designed to produce basketball players only. On the other hand, students who are non basketball players are left with mediocre excuses for classrooms while adjusting to the lack of libraries needed to empower young minds. The documentary takes a very close look at children who bare the armor of strength in trying to escape Flint. Flint's has been successful in producing a legacy of basketball players ranging from playground hopefuls to the pros. The film highlights current and former NBA players such as Morris Peterson (Toronto Raptors), Eddie Robinson (Chicago Bulls), Trent Tucker and Glen Rice as well as Tracy McGrady (Houston Rockets) LeBron James, (Cleveland Caveliers), Jason Richardson (Golden State Warriors) Chucky Atkins (Boston Celtics) and Jonathan Bender (Indiana Pacers) who have achieved the dream of making it to the pros. For those who are not as fortunate to escape the nightmarish lifestyle that Flint brings, they embark on survival methods such as drugs and violence. Flint Town Kids brings to light the little faith left in the system. Children raising kids and kids age ten killing each other is just an everyday part of life in Flint. The documentary will depict those shocking scenes in the lives of children who are left with no choice but to make adult decisions in a world where only the fittest survive. For many adults the consuming goal of overcoming poverty lies in making cocaine. Flint Town Kids graphically explores this process which seems to have become the saving grace for many in a town that presents scarce positive outcomes for the future. Flint Town Kids will leave audiences outraged and enthralled with the African American lifestyle in an area that once presented promise only miles from the Motor City. Follow-up to Dollar Bill Y'All. Story revolves around the youth on the streets of Flint, Michigan and the choices they face. Several Flintown Kids grow up to be ballers, jumping right from high school to the NBA while others are faced to find other ways off the streets, like selling drugs and resorting to violence. This documentary takes us through their world.
137 ::: An (2015) ::: drama ::: The manager of a pancake stall finds himself confronted with an odd but sympathetic elderly woman looking for work. A taste of her homemade bean jelly convinces him to hire her, which starts a relationship that is about much more than just street food.
138 ::: China Inside Out: Bob Woodruff Reports (2008) ::: documentary ::: Bob Woodruff goes to China to explores the stunning global transformation that is taking place in the Far East country. He examines the intricate relationships that China is cultivating in Angola, Brazil, Cambodia, and the United States and considers the implication of those relationships for China's role in the world.
139 ::: Sebunzu feisu (2000) ::: thriller ::: A horrifying crime has been committed in Tokyo: a girl's body was found frozen in a block of ice inside a steel drum. The only lead the police are able to find is a web site calling itself "Seven's Face" that seems to know a lot about the case. Soon the information on the page changes, and a new murder victim is found matching the new details. Police detective Uchiyama finds several people who seem very suspicious, but none of them can be conclusively linked to the crimes. Who is committing these murders, and where will the next victim be found?
140 ::: Science Fiction and Magick: Frater Thabion Aka Poke Runyon and Curtis Shumaker (2012) ::: documentary ::: In this interview on Poke Runyon's Hermetic Hour, I discuss the history of esoteric and occult themes in the literature of the horror, fantasy, and science fiction genres. The general focus is on H.P. Lovecraft and writers he inspired, such as Fritz Leiber, Richard Matheson, Charles Beaumont, and Jack Williamson.
141 ::: Nayikar Mato (2016) ::: drama ::: The film Nayikar Mato tells the story of Rani, who once used to be the queen of Tollygung Film Industry. One day a director named Shimul offered her the role of a housewife who was once a bright student but had fallen for a simpleton.After thinking a lot she approved the script and set out on to look for a middle class household that suits the script.During the course of the filming, Rani accidentally meets Arka who was also a simple guy. Watch Nayikar Mato to know how Rani transforms herself from a queen to a housewife.
142 ::: Outraged (2017) ::: comedy ::: In his first stand up special, Tom Clark (Conan, Comedy Central) makes fun of comedy specials, himself, drunks, marriage, gangs, TSA, rescue animals, hecklers, elevators, beach balls, cosmetic companies, classic rock, handshakes, love and a guy named Sleepy Joe.
143 ::: "Fancy Boy" (2016) ::: comedy ::: A sketch comedy series finding humor in the stranger corners of suburbia: in the couple whose communication breakdown leads to a kidnap; in the artist who loses everything over his obsession with fart sounds; in the mum who struggles to accept her missing teen back into the family, mainly because he returns with a full beard and a foreign accent
144 ::: G4 te gong (1997) ::: action ::: With the retreat of the British government from Hong Kong, the S.B. Team, an elite secret police force, is also on its way out. However, this team of highly trained cops have one final mission together and they are in for the fight of their lives!
145 ::: US Festival 1983 Days 1-3 (2009) ::: documentary ::: The ultimate concert took place on Memorial Day Weekend 1983. Curated by Steve Wozniak (Apple computers), the 3 days of New Wave, Heavy Metal and Rock are legendary. Features performances from U2, the Clash, Judas Priest, Stevie Nicks, Scorpions, INXS, Men at Work, Stray Cats, Triumph, Missing Persons and more
146 ::: The Mysterious Wonderful (????) ::: comedy ::: Tommy fakes his way through the science project with an empty mayonnaise jar by claiming he invented a new, odorless, tasteless, consciousness-raising gas. Naturally, the uptight teacher, principal, local police and paranoid parents misinterpret his ruse and a wave of mass hysteria through word-of-mouth and social media sweeps through the entire town.
147 ::: "Speedvision Speedshop" (1999) ::: documentary ::: Speedshop is a magazine-style program that not only appeals to the seasoned automotive enthusiast, but is of interest to the casual viewer as well. South Bay Studios Group in Long Beach, California produces Speedshop both in its studios and on location. The South Bay Studios Group (SBSG) includes: South Bay Studios (link), a state-of-the-art 150,000 square foot studio facility with 12 stages. Also an integral part of the SBSG is Focus on Cars, a premier automotive preparation facility for both print and film productions.  Both of these subsidiaries of South Bay Studios have a very impressive client list within the automotive industry. Speedshop was originally featured on the cable network Speedvision for a number of years. Just recently the successful automotive-themed show was picked up by ShopNBC to anchor its primetime slot on Wednesday nights.  Speedshop is very proud to be apart of ShopNBC's new 2001 fall season of original programming.
148 ::: Scars (2017/II) ::: short ::: A experimental documentary in five acts about the sci-fi artist Lars Mikkes and his creative process, feelings and consciousness. The artist is working on a painting for a customer while meeting neurotic emotions and new experiences. He must face the general consequences or benefits of being an artist.
149 ::: "Book of Secrets" (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: Episode I: Roswell '47: Something crashed in the desert outside of Roswell. Two Army Air Force officers are sent out to investigate. But something is very, very wrong. Episode II: Dulce '79: A former government geologist dies in Oregon in 1996. He was present in 1979 when something went wrong in a deep underground military base. Does that have anything to do with his death, or is it just coincidence? Episode III: Boulder '68: The Condon Committee has been accused of downplaying UFO evidence. Is it a government cover-up, or is there simply nothing to report? Episode IV: Fort Riley '47: Strange cargo arrives at an army base in Kansas. There are rumors that it is wreckage from a crash, just outside of Roswell. The holding area is designated 'No Entry'...but someone still manages to get inside. Episode V: Rendlesham '80: Just after Christmas, a US Air Force Base in England is beset with unexplained lights and close encounters with airmen. And if the base commander didn't have enough to deal with, now there might be a breach in security.
150 ::: Guardians of the Sacred (2017) ::: documentary ::: Guardians of the Sacred follows 25 sacred site guardians from around the world as they journey to the Hawaiian island of Kaho'olawe for shared ceremony and strategic dialogue before attending the IUCN World Conservation Congress in Honolulu in September 2016. Along the way they share heartfelt stories of success and failure as they commit to work together in a worldwide effort to protect sacred places and indigenous land rights. Instead of traditional protesters, these guardians are "protectors" - they protect their lands and waters for future generations, by addressing both the ecological and the spiritual dimensions of land and water. This new framing of activism emerged into public consciousness at Standing Rock in North Dakota, at the same time we were filming these leaders articulating this powerful alternative way of seeking social and environmental justice. Through our footage at the IUCN World Conservation Congress we see that the conservation movement is awakening to the value and importance of indigenous leadership as we all seek a way out of global crisis. Balancing politics and spirituality is an essential element of this new way forward and indigenous guardians of sacred sites are grappling with these issues in a deep and fundamental way that offers new hope.
151 ::: A Broadway Butterfly (1925) ::: comedy ::: Irene, a young girl from a small town, arrives in New York City determined to make it on the Broadway stage. She meets up with Cookie, a worldly chorus girl who takes Irene under her wing. When Irene falls for young Ronald, his rival Crane sets out to break up the pair so he can have Irene for his own--and he doesn't much care how he does it.
152 ::: How to Tie a Tie Video (2006) ::: short ::: How to Tie a Tie Video teaches viewers how to project a successful professional appearance with instruction on tying tie the Windsor, Half Windsor, Four-in-Hand, Pratt Knot and Bow Tie.
153 ::: Fingerman: Dr. London and the Triangle Force (2007) ::: comedy ::: A suburban neighborhood is invaded by a team of evil scientists from the future, led by the sinister Dr. Osiris London. They kidnap the most suitable resident, Chris Kowan, and force him to undergo their illegal experiments which endow Chris with some very strange powers. He manages to escape with the help of a dissenting intern but loses his memory of the incident. Can Chris gain control of his new abilities in time to save the girl and the world at the same time?
154 ::: Wilder Reiter GmbH (1967) ::: comedy ::: Georg, the head of an advertising company, finds Kim living in a wooden house surrounded by bogs and woods. Kim is hired to ride through Munich on his horse, poses with models outside the Feldherrnhalle. He is featured in a film an is extensively covered by the newspapers. A nun fleeing through the woods to escape from the roaring Kim, lands in a bog and is only rescued by Kim and his team after Georg has saved the rescue on film. The rescue is first glorified on a record, the record is a best-seller and Kim becomes a star...
155 ::: The X-Files Movie Special (1998) ::: documentary ::: Interviews with the cast and crew and behind the scenes footage from the making of X-Files Movie. Also hear from famous fans of the show. Plus get the scoop on soundtrack, including a special musical performance by Sting and Aswad.
156 ::: The Journey of L.A. Mass (2015) ::: documentary ::: A profile of The L.A. Mass Choir, a gospel group, and their rise to success under the leadership of Donald Taylor. Taylor revolutionized modern gospel when he led his choir to critical and commercial success throughout the 1980s and 1990s. L.A. Mass Choir recorded their first album, "Give Him The Glory" at Capital Records which charted on Billboard at #2 for 12 weeks. Their 2nd album, "Can't Hold Back" charted at #1 for 32 weeks and sold over 1 million units. L.A. Mass Choir was one of the most popular choral groups of the 80's and 90's creating 14 albums including artists such as Neal Diamond, Gerald Albright, Tevin Campbell, Red Hot Chili Peppers, Christina Aguillera and Patty LaBelle. L.A. Mass Choir was featured on the movie soundtracks the "Five Heart Beats" and "Hair Spray". They also appeared on TV shows; "Scrubs" and the "American Music Awards".
157 ::: Forgotten Sins (1996) ::: drama ::: A county sheriff is accused by his daughter of having abused her. Her accusation gets more and more elaborate, involving satanic rituals. As nearly everyone around him seems to believe he's guilty, he starts breaking up and questioning his own innocence.
158 ::: "Demi's in Chains" (2016) ::: action ::: Demi's In Chains On her way to a successful, normal life, Demi unknowingly possesses a great power, which is sought after by Jade Stone, a sorceress who has surrounded Demi by an intense negative energy. After having a promising life ahead of her destroyed by the negative energy that surrounds her, Demi must struggle to keep those she loves from being repelled by this energy while also fighting for her life in what appears to be an ever-growing battle of good versus evil. In order to succeed, she must unlock the true potential of the power she never knew she possessed.
159 ::: X Rebirth (2013) ::: sci-fi ::: In the distant future, the X universe faces a period of profound and irrevocable change. While the universe stumbles towards an uncertain future, countless adventures await as new enemies rise in search of power. Enter a young adventurer and his unlikely female ally traveling in an old, battered ship with a glorious past - two people alone against the galaxy, playing a key part in the events to come. The fate of the universe rests in the hands of the player... X Rebirth represents a spectacular new beginning for the X series, offering loyal fans and newcomers alike a vast, vivid and extremely detailed universe to explore throughout the game. Varied gameplay elements such as action-packed space combat, detailed trading mechanics and high-speed space exploration with fast travel allow players to experience a truly unique space saga that will keep them hooked for dozens of hours. X Rebirth features a whole new user experience - it is easier than ever to start with, and remains as deep as fans expect it.
160 ::: Madame X (1937) ::: drama ::: Thrown out of her home after her husband discovers her infidelity, a woman sinks into degradation. Twenty years later, she is charged with killing a man bent on revealing her degraded status to her husband and the son she left behind. The son, unaware of her identity, becomes her defense attorney. Thrown out of her home by a jealous husband, a woman sinks into degradation. Twenty years later, she is charged with killing a man bent on harming her son. The son, unaware of who the woman is, takes the assignment to defend her in court.
161 ::: La verdad sobre el caso Savolta (1980) ::: drama ::: Barcelona between the years 1917 and 1923. It is the time of the gun law, during which the confrontation between anarchist gunmen and hired assassins paid by the employers gave a scandalous number of deaths. The confrontation between the anarchist workers and the owners of the Savolta arms factory is aggravated when the Savolta family decides to end the rebellion by hiring hit-men and plotting intrigues in order to hide their illegal transactions with Germany.
162 ::: Darwin's Nightmare (2004) ::: documentary ::: The larger scope of the story explores the gun trade to Africa that takes place under the covers -- Russian pilots fly guns into Africa, then fly fish back out to Europe. The hazards and consequences of this trade are explored, including the pan-African violence propagated by constant flow of weapons into the continent. If it is a "survival of the fittest" world, as Darwin concluded, then the capitalist interests that fund the gun runners are climbing the evolutionary ladder on the backs of the Africans in this stark Darwinian example. Much like the foreseeable extinction of the Lake Victoria perch, and death of Lake Victoria itself, the Africans are in grave jeopardy, even as they survive in the only ways they know how. In the 1950s or 1960s, the Nile perch was released into the Lake Victoria. In just a few decades, the large, voracious predator has all but eliminated the other species of fish, turning the lake into an ecological wasteland. "But economically, it's good" -- and indeed, perch fillet is Tanzania's best selling export to Europe. Fishermen, factory workers, civil servants, pilots of cargo aircrafts, delegates of the European Commission, communities living around Lake Victoria: plenty of people are involved in some way in this new industry. But if Africa exports hundreds of tons of premium-priced fish each day, what exactly do Africans get in return?
163 ::: La educación prohibida (2012) ::: documentary ::: The forbidden education (Spanish title La Educación Prohibida) is an independent film released in 2012. It describes a variety of alternative education practices and unconventional schools in Latin America and Spain, and includes educational approaches such as popular culture, the Montessori system, progressive education the Valntorf education, at home teaching. It is the first film in Spanish funded by the public
164 ::: Engel mit nur einem Flügel (2012) ::: animation ::: Six members of the Gothic-Scene and the ghost of a pink bathrobe try to manage everyday life. They are confronted with problems, everybody knows (making the dishes, non-smoking areas, shopping and the own death). The movie is a persiflage to the prejudice about members of the Gothic-Scene. The characters make the stereotypes come true and because of that, everything they try to do, becomes a disaster.
165 ::: Knafayim Shvurot (2002) ::: drama ::: The unexpected death of the family patriarch throws every member of the Ulman clan off course. Widow Dafna takes to bed for three months and when she finally returns to her job at the maternity hospital, she has little time for her children. Eldest son, Yair drops out of school and adopts a fatalist attitude, shutting out his siblings and girlfriend. His twin sister Maya, a talented musician, feels the most guilt and is forced to act as a family caregiver at the expense of career opportunities. Bullied at school, younger son Ido responds by obsessively filming himself with a video camera and attempting dangerous feats. The baby sister, Bar, is woefully neglected. Preoccupied with their own misery, the family is barely a family anymore. When another tragedy strikes, will they be able to support one another?
166 ::: A Stale Yellow (2009) ::: thriller ::: Rookie Private Investigator Kurt Galloway is fresh out of school and looking for work. To his surprise, when he arrives home an old neighbor, Mr. Mackenzie, is already interested in his services. Mackenzie hires Kurt to find his wife, who has been missing for three weeks in the sordid Chalice City. Positive that his first case is an affair, Kurt rushes off to Chalice City to solve it. But once in town, Kurt soon finds his case taking a much darker and deadlier turn. When brutal criminal murders start taking place all around Kurt, and the people he's been questioning are dying off, Kurt's supposed affair rapidly turns into a supernatural nightmare that is way out of his league..
167 ::: Koibitotachi (2015) ::: drama ::: Atsushi is a civic construction worker who was widowed following a random murder. Toko's husband is neither interested in her nor in how his mother treats his wife. Shinomiya is a lawyer whose homosexuality has lead to mismatched love. The three separate stories tread a thread of hope, love, rejection and abandonment. Three relative cinema newcomers act in roles for which they were auditioned and specially hired.
168 ::: Till Eulenspiegel (2012) ::: animation ::: Do you already know the story of Till Eulenspiegel? No? Then comes with us and experience his merry adventures.
169 ::: Balarrasa (1951) ::: drama ::: Javier is used to make the best of his military life. When a companion is killed in his place, he makes up his mind and enters religious life. Reencountering his rich and spoiled family will show him that not all the battles were fought during the war.
170 ::: African River Goddess (1997) ::: documentary ::: A young female crocodile sets her sights on the strongest male, but he's intent on attracting the older females. Patiently she waits, watching his mating ritual make the waters dance. Against the odds, she mates with him, but her babies are vulnerable to the other crocodiles. Can they survive or did she bite off more than she can chew? Over 160m years, these Jurassic survivors have evolved into perfect predators. Equipped like deadly submarines, with specialized weapons of stealth and attack, the armoured crocodile has no equal. To the ancient Egyptians they were river gods. To the migrating wildebeest of the Serengeti they mean abrupt and unforeseen death. It takes a special kind of crocodile to thrive in the chill air of southern Africa's subtropical flood plains. Lavish cinematography and unique access make this far more than a regular croc-doc. The African landscape, family storylines, and the constant threat of danger, make for a remarkable adventure.
171 ::: Gideon's Stand (????) ::: sci-fi ::: On near-future Earth, dwindling fuel supplies have sparked worldwide strife. Major economies square off against third world terror groups. NCR 1236, a small off-world methane refinery on Titan (Saturn's moon), eases the demand and a small crew of hardy roughnecks and military personnel have stepped up to the job. Gideon Stark, a man with a past, tells lies to his daughter. She wants to know the real reason he won't come home. The truth is Gideon has much darker issues to work out. When the largest solar flare in human history strikes unexpectedly and all communications are knocked off line, Gideon discovers that he and the station are cut off from Earth. Unaware of the event scope, the crew looks forward to a temporary four day shut down. Their dreams of paid vacation evaporate when a scout ship crash lands and Major Harlee Jane, a shadowy military liaison, informs them that a massive terrorist attack has been launched under the disruption of the solar flare. She's been ordered to secure the refinery and take martial control but it's clear to Gideon that she has a hidden agenda. Soon people begin to act strange and disappear. Gideon concludes an alien terrorist, posing as human, has infiltrated the station with the goal of destroying everyone and everything on the base. No one knows "who's-who" as Gideon rallies the survivors for a last ditch stand to save not only their lives but the lives of every human being on Earth.
172 ::: "America's Next Top Baseball Player" (????) ::: reality-tv ::: Four former major league baseball players scour the hills and countryside of Latin America in search of undiscovered raw talent that will be selected and trained before competing in a knock-out competition to see who will become America's Next Top Baseball Player.
173 ::: A Child Is Born (1939) ::: drama ::: A maternity ward, staffed by sympathetic nurses, serves mothers-to-be from all walks of life. These include a happy mother of a large family; a secretly-married teenager who thinks their parents won't approve of either their children's marriage or baby; a woman who is trying for a living child despite a history of stillbirths; a showgirl who doesn't want a child, and who is shocked to find she is having twins; and a convicted murderess whose husband is forced to choose between saving her or the baby.
174 ::: "Dueling Honey Trappers" (2013) ::: crime ::: Anthony and Corrine are seduction artists hired by spouses to trap their partners into cheating, so they can make a divorce case against them. After discovering they are working for the same couple that has secretly hired the other for their spouses, Corrine tries to convince Anthony to drop his client. Unfortunately, Corrine's feelings for Anthony give him the upper hand.
175 ::: Za momichetata i tyahnata Neshka Robeva (1986) ::: documentary ::: The film is a sequel of 'About Neshka Robeva And Her Girls'. An attempt to analyze the process of creation (generally) through the dance miniatures, created by the trainer and three of her competitors in modern and rhythmic gymnastics. The problems of creative compromise, of the 'scissors' between author's imagination and audience's desires, of the judges' criteria (no matter if they are called 'jury' or 'critics') are observed. The documentary depicts the process of creation of rhythm gymnastics trainer Neshka Robeva and her dance miniatures. The focus is on creating such a miniature from scratch - choosing the music, dance moves, choreographic concept. Alongside of this, the dancers also grow and build a character on stage. Some of them break under the pressure, despite their talent. Yet, new ones are to come and here we have Bianka Panova, a four-time world champion to be. Group choreography is another focus of the film. It's hard to convey the essence of artistic creation on the big screen, yet when the three girls Bianka, Lilly and Delyana are doing their winning miniatures we feel as if we are watching not sports but art happening before our eyes.
176 ::: 2 once di piombo (1966) ::: western ::: everyone wants to know who the Mexican is. He always answer slowly, "my name is Pecos". Pecos Martinez ( Robert Woods) to be exact, and he's returned to his hometown of Houston to settle up with Clain(Norman Clarke), the leader of a gang of cut-throats. Clain is busy looking for the money from a recent robbery that's been stolen from him. Soon the stolen cash in Pecos' vengeance entwine and all hell breaks loose. Behind the scenes a Bible touting Undertaker (Umberto Raho), a cowardly saloon owner, & a helpful saloon girl (Christina Iosani) become part of the story. This film made Woods as internationally known as Pecos in the third world countries as Franco Nero was known for Django. A Mexican hero against a gang and a town full of gringos- what more could you ask for?
177 ::: "Dave in the Life Of" (2009) ::: reality-tv ::: If there's someone who's been criticised, marginalised or under public scrutiny, Dave wants to get to know them and get under their skin. In his own quirky way he experiences the life of someone else. He becomes a sex worker; a hunter; a homeless person; a survivalist; a gambler; a controversial artist; a sex entrepreneur; a radio shock jock; a pensioner and a politician. He lives with them, eats with them, goes to work with them and genuinely attempts to walk several kilometres in their shoes. Through the characters Dave embeds himself with, and the challenges he faces along the way, contradictions arise and entrenched public views are exposed. "Dave in the Life" holds a mirror up to us all.
178 ::: Lois Gibbs and the Love Canal (1982) ::: drama ::: Lois Gibbs never expected to be living the American Dream at 24 years of age, able to afford to live in a home in the seemingly perfect suburb of Love Canal, Niagara Falls. Still, life isn't going so great, her kids and neighbors are falling ill and she has no idea why, until she learns of the sinister secret lurking underground, a cover-up from a chemical factory that buried several tonnes of hazardous waste underground there during the 1940's. After discovering she's living right on top of a toxic waste dump, Lois attempts to stand up for the rights of the citizens of Love Canal, but finds it difficult to get anyone to listen.
179 ::: In Her Eyes (2011) ::: short ::: The story surrounds the boyfriend; having met his girlfriend by accident, saving her from a box dropping at the grocery store is now facing the reality of their relationship where in fact, he isn't a hero but a normal guy. The girlfriend becomes his source of motivation to take bigger steps in life and believe in his goal to move forward as applying at a prestigious University.
180 ::: O Padre e a Moça (1966) ::: drama ::: In a small town in Minas Gerais, the arrival of a young priest causes a commotion in the conservative atmosphere of the place, aggravated by the sudden attraction this priest feels for a beautiful girl. This forbidden love affair soon turns into an unbridled passion.
181 ::: Before It's Too Late: A Film on Teenage Suicide (1985) ::: drama ::: Explores some of the causes of suicidal feelings, such as reactions of others, fears, and addressed various support methods. Strongly encourages an understanding of the thoughts and feelings behind threats of suicide and offers measures to help prevent suicide.
182 ::: 12: The Tamir Rice Story (????/I) ::: drama ::: On November 22, 2014, at 3:30 pm in Cleveland, Ohio the afternoon was just getting started for a 12-year-old Tamir Rice and his friends when Tamir was gunned down by a Cleveland police officer underneath a gazebo located in the picnic area of the Cudell Recreation Center.
183 ::: "Head 2 Toe" (2003) ::: drama ::: A makeover show where two friends or two family members critique with other clothing and hair stylists to say what type of changes they want done on the other person. They wear blindfolds the majority of the show and cannot see each other until they are both completely remade.
184 ::: "Ubiistvo Kennedy: 13-aya versiya" (2003) ::: documentary ::: For more than 40 years, the death of a beloved American president still puzzles and intrigues hundreds of researchers around the world. There is still no single completely believable explanation of how and why Kennedy was killed. The official versions is doubtful to say the least... This film tells about different versions presented by American researchers and includes an interview with an inmate of an American prison who is serving a life sentence. This inmate claims that he was the one who shot the President.
185 ::: Second Coming?: Will Black America Decide the 2012 Election (2012) ::: news ::: The character-driven series, rich with political insight and actuality, will marry journalism and reality television in a seminal effort to capture the African-American perspective on the 2012 elections in all its complexity. The producers capture both consensus and division among black organizers, celebrities and operatives as they wrestle with the process of making change and mobilizing voters to impact the Presidential race. The docu-series will follow behind-the-scenes efforts to mobilize the black vote against the backdrop of urban youth violence, the debate over gay marriage, and the economic crisis.
186 ::: Hollywood North (2003) ::: comedy ::: Former lawyer Bobby Myers recounts his first foray in the Canadian movie business circa 1979, when the then burgeoning Canadian movie industry was going through some growing pains. He wanted his first project as producer to be told by Canadians about issues close to the Canadian heart. As such, he acquired the rights to Lantern Moon, a beloved Canadian novel written by Lindsay May Marshall. He quickly realized that producing a movie in Canada, especially in acquiring financing, required much compromise, most specifically casting a big name Hollywood star in the leading role. The star he signs, Michael Baytes, comes with much baggage. Those compromises lead to many problems between the Canadian vision and the want by some to make the movie more "American", especially by ultra-patriotic and paranoid Baytes. Through it all, filmmaker Sandy Ryan films it all, good and bad, for a "making of" documentary. But Sandy has her own agenda as she concurrently films her own lower budget movie called Human Voices. A producer buys the film rights of a famous Canadian novel known as "Latern Moon" and plans the production, but everything doesn't go according to plan when Hollywood gets involved and the documentary filmmaker catches the whole debacle of film.
187 ::: Geezers (1999) ::: comedy ::: The one-hour pilot "Geezers" celebrates family values rediscovered by four retired men from vastly different cultures and backgrounds, who are united in their fear of growing old alone and the identity crises triggered by retirement. This drama-comedy reveals in flashbacks how the four men meet and end up forming their new "family unit." Through laughter and tears the four geezers face estrangement issues with their real families, while grappling with aging problems of health, mortality and loss of sexual prowess. Embracing both a homeless, runaway teenager, who has escaped an abusive family situation, and a young neighbor, rich in material possessions but poor in family support and love, this unusual household learns lessons in forgiveness and acceptance that help them start the healing processes in their own lives. This video emphasizes the need all of us have for love, acceptance and understanding. "Geezers" presents, in a compassionate, humorous depiction, how unrelated individuals from all walks of life can find the support and love of a family in the most unexpected places. As today's families are increasingly described as "dysfunctional" and are frequently separated by miles and disagreements, this story illustrates that blood relationships are not a necessary ingredient for a loving family.
188 ::: Monster High: Escape from Skull Shores (2012) ::: animation ::: It's officially Spring Break at Monster High, and Lagoona takes her gilfriends across the sea to the Great Barrier Reef, but they are ship wrecked and end up on a mysterious skull shaped island. Here they enjoy the local hospitality until they realize that they are being used by a slippery showman named Farnum to lure the rarest, most mysterious monster of them all, "the Beast" into a trap. Frankie is taken by the Beast but tables turn and she ends up rescuing him and returning with him to Monster High. The story goes to high voltage when they realize that Frankie has inadvertently led Farnum to the location of the greatest gathering of monsters anywhere...Monster High.
189 ::: Bigga Than Ben (2008) ::: drama ::: Bigga Than Ben is a crime-fuelled tale of two likeable but wayward Russian "pieces of Moscow scum" who arrive in London intent on bettering themselves and amassing an easy fortune. But it's not long before Spiker (Andrei Chadov) and Cobakka (Ben Barnes) realise that, legally, they aren't going to get very far. So, aided by the dodgy Artash (Ovidiu Matesan) and sidekick Spartak (Hero Fiennes-Tiffin), they learn to shoplift from supermarkets, rip off banks, joyride on the tube and turn mobile phones into crack. . Finding themselves drawn into a shadowy underworld of backstreet drug deals, chav nightclubs, refugees and nymphomaniacs, life begins to turn sour. The highs begin to fade. Spiker badly misses his girlfriend back in Moscow, and seeks consolation in drugs. When he slips into serious addiction and Artash double-crosses them, Cobakka finds himself forced into making some life-changing decisions
190 ::: Lust in Hell: Edge of the World (2009) ::: horror ::: (Japanese with English subtitles) After losing her parent in a tragic traffic accident, Koto develops the ability to communicate with the dead. Hospitalized for extreme trauma, Koto escapes to return to the place where her parents died. There she meets Shinji, whose lover also died in a car accident. He and Koto then embark on an illicit and terrifying journey heightened by lust and death.
191 ::: My Pal, the King (1932) ::: western ::: The King of a small European country, just a boy, takes an interest in Tom Reed's wild west show. Tom puts on a special show just for the King and the two become friends. When the King takes Tom's advise instead of the Count's, the Count has the King kidnaped planning to kill him. When Tom learns of the Kings disappearance he and his troop of men, without any real bullets for their guns, ride off to rescue him.
192 ::: Carré rouge sur fond noir (2013) ::: documentary ::: January 2012, the largest general strike in the history of Québec is triggered. The students across the province to mobilize and organize to protest rising tuition fees by 75%, the largest to date imposed by the Liberal government of Jean Charest. Unacceptable to the students, they are willing to do anything to block.
193 ::: Dave Attell: Road Work (2014) ::: comedy ::: Veteran New York City comic Dave Attell is back with his Comedy Central stand-up special "Road Work." This unique special cuts together multiple performances from Attell's past tour. From New Orleans to Philadelphia to Minneapolis and more, "Road Work" feels more like a concert film than a traditional stand-up special. Of course, it wouldn't be a proper Attell show without his expert crowd work and clever R-rated material in what he calls "a filthy, dirty mess of a show."
194 ::: Dark Mansions (1986) ::: thriller ::: A woman hired to write the history of a wealthy family stays at the family's estate in Oregon. She discovers that she strongly resembles a long-dead ancestor in the family, and finds things happening to her that happened to--and led to the death of--that woman.
195 ::: "Fun Farm" (2014) ::: animation ::: 52x7' Fun Farm is a very unique place. A farm operated by funny and weird animals. The most simple thing can turn a regular day at the farm into an exciting day of discovery and adventure. With their diverse personalities they react in completely different (and sometimes crazy) ways to the exact same event. This of course, creates conflict and tension between the characters. Hmmm, I think a recipe for hilarious situations - and with no dialogues! Well, if you loved Looney Tunes you will definitely enjoy Fun Farm.
196 ::: Age-Old Friends (1989) ::: comedy ::: John Cooper is in a retirement home. There are strict rules for the residents, but he refuses to fall into passivity. He flirts constantly with Nurse Wilson and spends time with his best buddy Michael Aylott, who's slowly drifting into senility. The movie portrays the fight for independence and dignity in old age. The resident of a nursing home, John Cooper is frustrated by his strictly ordered surroundings. Even though his body is in decline, John remains mentally keen, while his close friend, Michael Aylott, has the opposite issues -- he is in fairly good health, but becoming progressively more senile. As John and Michael attempt to keep some level of independence and contend with their own ailments, they try their best to support each other.
197 ::: "Raising Expectations" (2016) ::: family ::: The Wayneys are an amazing family: good looking, MENSA smart, talented, athletic and popular to boot. Paige (Ringwald) and Wayne Wayney (Priestley) have worked hard at raising "multi-exceptional" offspring and are proud of their children: Adam, Conner, Bentley and Derek. Everyone in town envies them or wants to be them, and you can even find Paige's book about raising her extraordinary family on the bestseller list. But alas, their fifth child, Emmett, is not marching in lock step on the path to familial greatness. What he lacks academically, athletically or artistically, he makes up for with relentless enthusiasm and curiosity. Emmett knows that one day he'll find his way, but in the meantime he's determined to celebrate his C-average status in spectacular creative fashion - no matter how often his best laid plans threaten to destroy the family's living space, reputation or sense of safety.
198 ::: 20 Something (2006) ::: comedy ::: John Dolen is a wholesome, and credulous young man who is moving to London in order to resolve his quarterlife crisis. Only today, John has learned that a certain married woman may be pregnant with his child. Thinking this may be fate, he calls upon the assistance of his two steadfast roommates; Paul, a reformed womanizer who yearns for true love but cannot overcome his fear of commitment, and Rob, a pot-smoking entrepreneurial slob who has devoted his life to revealing the atrocities set forth by corporate manipulation, and more importantly, to safeguard the existence of one very special couch. Time, and youth are of the essence as this unsettled trio must move out of their apartment while confronting their afflictions with love, lust, pregnancy, couches, wiffleball, ex-mobsters, corporate propaganda, four year theories, gazelles, transsexuals, metrosexuals, a shoddy landlord, the universal diner, and... a Monte Cristo.
199 ::: The McCourts of New York (1999) ::: documentary ::: An intriguing and entertaining portrait of the McCourt brothers, Frank, Mike, Alphie, and Malachy. Follow their arrival to New York from the slums of Limerick, and hear the tales which inspired the Pulitzer Prize-winning memoirs of their family, "Angela's Ashes" and "A Monk Swimming."
200 ::: "Hot Ticket" (2001) ::: talk-show ::: Hot Ticket is a syndicated movie review and entertainment television program from 2001 to 2004. The half-hour show was hosted by Leonard Maltin and Todd Newton during its first season, and by Maltin and Joyce Kulhawik in seasons 2 and 3. It was distributed by Paramount Domestic Television. The show featured MTV-style fast cutting. For each movie, the hosts voted Hot or Not with red or blue cards. The show featured film reviews, showing and rating trailers, DVD recommendations, general discussions about film, and short interviews with actors about their upcoming roles.
201 ::: The Gun Run (????) ::: crime ::: Gun, A low-end, but knowledgeable gunrunner, and his temperamental partner, Bully, earn a living selling firearms in shady motels. Throughout their day, they encounter all sorts of unusual clientele, which includes a serial killer, undercover cops and many more. The story follows the duo on their final gun run, as they dash all over the city, checking off their list.
202 ::: Baboyngirongbuang (2010) ::: drama ::: Gerald and Clifford are best friends who will be riding the Ferris wheel for the first time; it will be their last chance since both will be going separate ways after graduation. This will be the most important weekend of their teenage lives; choices will be made to overcome peer pressure, homework and household chores. The story happens in the mid 90's a few years after the mining company in their town suspends its operation. The metal that brought them together could tear them apart.
203 ::: "Do Not Be Afraid" (2007) ::: drama ::: Women, restaurants, carefree life, drugs and friends. That is a former high-ranking political worker Arman Aramyan's son life. Among all of this - there is her big love Mari. She is the only light in his life. Escape from the law enforcement, involuntary volunteer in the militia war. On the verge of life and death - a spoiled but brave boy Yerevan becomes wise and courageous warrior. Return to Yerevan. Again the struggle of life, and measured, but in Yerevan, which has become a stranger to him. Love that has to wait. And the war again. The fate of the fall of military companies is decided in this battle.
204 ::: Ironsides (2009) ::: drama ::: Childhood battles on a secluded island offshore the small New England town of Unity have plagued 11-year-old Randy Scott ever since he became the target of local bullies, the Coltrains, Jimmy, Mike and Simon. The Coltrain brothers don warpaint and terrorize the other kids. Simon especially is merciless, bragging that fists bounce off him, earning him the nickname "Ironsides." At home, Randy's father, a low-level boxer not proud of how he earns a living, begs his bruise-covered son to make peace. Conversely, at the Coltrain's home, the bullies are taught to fight by Frank, their alcoholic, abusive father, who enforces sadistic training, and beats both the brothers and their mother Alice. When Randy's father leaves town to fight his final match before retiring, Randy remains in the care of his disabled Aunt Mildred. Suffering at the hands of Simon and his brothers for control of the island, Randy struggles to find a way toward peace to make his father proud. But when Mr. Coltrain's "training" goes too far, Randy intervenes and saves a life. The physical abuse Simon is forced to endure, and Randy's desire for resolution, soon make them both realize that perhaps their best hope is each other.
205 ::: The Green Swamp (1916) ::: drama ::: Most of the patients of Dr. Ward Allison are women, and his wife Margery is becoming increasingly jealous of all the time he spends with them. One day he tells her that he has been called out of town, but she is told that he is really staying at the house of a friend and colleague, Dr. Hendon, and the two are planning wild parties with their female patients. What she finds out, however, is even more shocking than what she expected.
206 ::: Tip of My Tongue (2017) ::: documentary ::: Twelve New Yorkers born in the early 1960s across several continents "visit" every year of their lives in a brash, self-reflexive experiment about what it's meant to live in America over the last half century. Director and participant Lynne Sachs, who wrote her own series of 50 poems for every year of her life, guides her collaborators across the landscape of their memories. She gives each person the same historical timeline as a catalyst for an exploration of the relationship between their personal lives and the times in which they have lived. Initially strangers with nothing in common but their age, the group works together writing, performing and filming. Using the backdrop of the horizon as it meets the water in each of NYC's five boroughs as well as abstracted archival material, Sachs' project becomes an activator in the resurrection of complex, sometimes paradoxical reflections. In the dreamscape of the movie, each participant embraces shards of the past, knowing that his or her connection to a historical moment may be tenuous but allowing for that ambiguity and mystery. In this way, traditional timelines are replaced by a multi-layered, cinematic architecture that both speaks to and visualizes the nature of historical expression.
207 ::: Fussballspiele (1976) ::: short ::: An attractive montage of a vivid and often tense highlights from the soccer field ... Headers, fouls, dribbling, runs, goalmouth dramas are juxtaposed, slowed down, repeated and at the same time embellished acoustically in such an apt and lively manner by the music of the leading German jazz and rock guitarist Volker Kriegel, that even the viewer spoilt by live soccer will enjoy seeing it. The artistes of the bid ball become leading dancers at the penalty mark. Slow motion, animation, modification or restriction of color further lend emphasis to the close interaction with the musical movements, achieving a positive unity, regardless weather attention is focussed on the goalkeeper, on team play, on vigorous tackling or on goalmouth excitement, which are all synchronized in sequence form with the musical sections. The film contains extracts from 13 first division soccer games in Germany.
208 ::: Zero degré, l'infini (2006) ::: documentary ::: This documentary film allows us discover the creative process of two internationally renowned choreographers, Sidi Larbi Cherkaoui and Akram Khan, their contact, their will to together create a performance called "0°", for the Sadler Well's Theatre in London that will be staged from the July 12 to 16, 2005. "0°" is an introspection of art, choreography, the body, man, and religion.
209 ::: Mother Is a Freshman (1949) ::: comedy ::: Widow Abby Abbott is having serious money problems and has to dip into the family trust in order to pay for her daughter Susan's college tuition. The catch: Abby must also become a co-ed or she can't touch the money. After passing her entrance exams, Abby goes to college and becomes very popular, especially with a handsome English professor whom Susan has a crush on.
210 ::: Night Traveler (2013) ::: adventure ::: Night Traveler: Prophecy of the Elder follows musician Jake Whitman on a journey of discovery and adventure. After being fired from his only steady gig, Jake is lured down a dark dirt road by a ghostly apparition, causing him to wreck his motorcycle. Rescued by an elderly Native American, Jake is introduced to the origin of dreams, where four challenges will stand between destiny and destruction...
211 ::: Divorzio alla siciliana (1963) ::: comedy ::: Il barone Fifě ha bisogno di un erede per avere l'ereditŕ paterna. Ma con le prime due mogli ha avuto poco successo per il loro tradimento. E' stato costretto ad ottenere il "divorzio alla siciliana" con l'aiuto dell'onorata societŕ. Per questo č stato anche processato, ma anche assolto perchč, come dicono tutti i testimoni "disgrazia fu". Decide allora di cercare una moglie sul continente, a Roma. E qua, con l'aiuto di Nando, trova Marisa la giaguara che lavora in un night club e la sposa. Ma Marisa č molto bella, troppo, e a lei si interessano Don Calň, Turiddu e altri e il "divorzio alla siciliana" č facile da ottenere in Sicilia...
212 ::: "A Step Away" (2013) ::: reality-tv ::: The Jennifer Lopez dancers face challenges in Asia with torrential rain and illness and Muslim customs force a quick wardrobe change in Jakarta. George returns from his baby's birth, even more determined to nail his first show and Shannon leads the dancers to some well-earned R&R in his Australian homeland.
213 ::: Cuando me toque a mi (2006) ::: drama ::: A murder sets in motion a series of tragedies that find their way to the city morgue's Dr. Arturo Fernandez. Physically and emotionally isolated, Arturo develops an intimate relationship with the personal lives of his cases, forcing him to confront his connection to the living and the dead. This dark, serpentine tale offers a richly textured rendering of Ecuador's capital.
214 ::: Lonliness (2016) ::: drama ::: Maximillian, a twenty-one years old man live a life full of delusions. He spends most of the time inside his apartment listening to music, he does not have any human contact, smokes approximately fifteen cigarettes a day, and is ready to end it all. Coming from a 'couldn't care less' family and abusive past, did not take long to develop a personality disorder and alter ego, Akira. Akira presents himself as Maximillian friend and liberator, but soon it becomes clear that Akira is neither one. Akira takes posses of Maximillian's will, and convinces him that the only way to desist his misery and begin a meaningful life is to 'free' people of his same nature, naďve and fragile. Maximillian is ready, walks the road to school. He carries a loaded gun...
215 ::: TLC: Tables, Ladders, Chairs and Stairs (2014) ::: sport ::: The last pay-per-view on the WWE calendar brings us tables, ladders and chairs. A night filled with action. The main event features Dean Ambrose and Bray Wyatt clash in an hellacious TLC match, while John Cena battles Seth Rollins in a Tables match and Dolph Ziggler challenges Luke Harper for the Intercontinental Championship in a thrilling ladder match.
216 ::: Pride (2006) ::: documentary ::: Violence, threats of terror attack and condemnation from religious leaders plagued the 2006 Jerusalem Pride Parade. LGBT citizens of the state of Israel found themselves fighting for their right to exist as equal citizens. 'Pride,' by producers Igal Hecht and Lior Cohen, explore the struggles for legitimacy of the LGBT community in Israel.
217 ::: Death on a Rock (2015) ::: drama ::: The film follows a young woman coming to terms with a trying event in her life. Lillian's (Rachael Perrell Fosket) bright outlook-she loves her job in a flower shop and has a sweet budding relationship with her boyfriend- is rocked by illness. Days spent in long term care at the hospital bring reflection, desperation, and some family tension. This vibrantly shot tale follows Lillian's year of happiness, pain, and growth, told through flashbacks and drifting between memories and shifting consciousness. Seen through a framework of loss, Death On A Rock is a bittersweet tale balanced between tragedy and levity. The film follows a young woman coming to terms with a trying event in her life. Lillian's (Rachael Perrell Fosket) bright outlook-she loves her job in a flower shop and has a sweet budding relationship with her boyfriend- is rocked by illness. Days spent in long term care at the hospital bring reflection, desperation, and some family tension. This vibrantly shot tale follows Lillian's year of happiness, pain, and growth, told through flashbacks and drifting between memories and shifting consciousness.
218 ::: Lyubit ne lyubit (2014) ::: comedy ::: Lesha and Alena're planing their wedding. Everything is going to be OK, but Lesha and famous journalist Ira s' knowledge changes everything. Her image doesn't fit into the framework of Lesha's casual life. Ira introduces chaos in his life, and AlenaâEUR"a naive girl, loves him the way he is and badly wants to be his wife. Ira's adventurism and her willingness to commit insane acts gets Lesha understand that his life could be much more colorful. But is he ready for an adventurous actions while there's at stake happy future with Alena?
219 ::: Turtle Beach (2007) ::: documentary ::: Turtle Beach is a story of success against the odds in a fight to save a sea turtle nesting beach from development. In Turkey in the mid-eighties, new tourist facilities were being built along the coastlines at breakneck speed. When former nightclub singer June Haimoff heard of plans to build a holiday village on the beach at Dalyan, she decided to speak up for the endangered species caretta caretta. Dalyan's sea turtles became an international cause celebre as the landmark campaign to save the beach gathered momentum. It was the first time that conservation had been considered in Turkey's rush to develop economically and the sea turtles became powerful symbols of a new awareness in the country.
220 ::: Coeur animal (2009) ::: drama ::: Suddenly he thinks her alone, his wife. This person whom he doesn't know how to love and who is now falling prey to a gnawing disease. This woman whom he knows so little about and whom he would like to be with him. Right now, Just like before.
221 ::: A Personal Journey with Martin Scorsese Through American Movies (1995) ::: documentary ::: Despite its nearly four-hour running time, this is a uniquely personal look at movies from one of the late 20th century's great directors and film historians. The film consists of head & shoulder shots of Scorsese speaking into the camera for a minute or two, followed by 10-15 minutes of film clips with Scorsese voice-over. Scorsese approaches the films in terms of how they affected him as a director foremost and as a storyteller/film fan second. Segments include "The Director as Smuggler," "The Director as Iconoclast", and so on. The Journey begins with silent masters like D.W. Griffith and ends in 1969 - when Scorsese began to make films; as he says in closing, "I wouldn't feel right commenting on myself or my contemporaries."
222 ::: Separated at Birth (2017) ::: thriller ::: Lucy Pierce grew up believing she had a normal childhood with a loving and supportive mother, until she discovers old articles about the "Baby Victoria" disappearance - a high-profile abduction case that occurred when she was born. She is shocked to see that her baby picture is front and center. Determined to find answers, Lucy tracks down her biological mother, Elizabeth Marshall, a criminal prosecutor running for Governor of Pennsylvania. Overnight Lucy goes from an anonymous 20- something to a media sensation. While Lucy's reunion with Elizabeth is heartfelt, the same can't be said for her relationship with her newfound sister, Terri. Spoiled, rudderless and used to being an only child, Terri resents Lucy. Jealousy morphs into sabotage, as Terri realizes that if she can't bring herself up to Lucy's level, she must bring Lucy down to hers. The family reunion spirals out of control as Lucy finds herself in the middle of a police investigation which forces Elizabeth to distance herself to protect her campaign. As Lucy questions who is really trying to defame her, is something more sinister happening to tear this family apart, yet again?
223 ::: American Dream Stories (2018) ::: documentary ::: The cinematic journey takes us on a 45,000 kilometer (28,000 miles) train ride through the United States of America in search of the remaining fragments of the '(All) American Dream'. The documentary film takes stock of a nation that was built up 150 years ago by a network of railroads, and which today is at a crossroads with its social, economic and infrastructural situation. This stocktaking of the USA through the windows of a train compartment invites its audience to take part in a wondrous journey. The sight of backyards, industrial zones and private gardens offers us glimpses of life behind the facade of a country (of dreams). Between the scenic pictures, American passengers tell their stories of how their personal situations and those of their companions have changed over the years, what the future holds for them, and how they still believe in and hold onto the (All) American Dream.
224 ::: The Extra (2017) ::: comedy ::: Bad boy movie star Derrick Stone books himself as an extra as a prank. When he arrives on set, no one recognizes him as Derrick Stone, they just think he looks like Derrick Stone. Finding new friends and a love interest in Mary, the wardrobe assistant, he begins living a double identity as Derrick and Joe, the extra. Events collide and comedy ensues as Derrick's stardom is put at risk, and Derrick is put to the test as Joe, begins to take over his life.
225 ::: Alles Moet Nieuw - Piet Zwart (2012) ::: documentary ::: A fascinating documentary about Piet Zwart (1885-1977), an idiosyncratic and stubborn designer, who lived for innovation and prepared the way for the international success that is now known as Dutch Design. Piet Zwart worked as an interior and industrial designer, commercial typographer, photographer, critic and lecturer, playing a key role in defining the design climate in the Netherlands in the Twentieth Century. He is especially known for designing the famous 'Piet Zwart' kitchen for the Dutch company Bruynzeel: a kitchen that could be easily produced and consisted of standardized elements. His versatility and influence on present-day designers led the Association of Dutch Designers to award him the title of "Designer of the Century" in 2000. Piet Zwart is counted among the international avant-garde without any reservations. His work reflects the work of artists such as Kurt Schwitters, El Lissitzky, Laszlo Moholy-Nagy, Jan Tschichold, but always retains its own authenticity. His work corresponded with similar experiments at the Bauhaus, where Piet Zwart was a teacher. This documentary enters the mind of the artist Piet Zwart with his almost obsessive urge to innovate.
226 ::: "Mr. Fighting" (2005) ::: drama ::: A rigged professional fist-fighting tournament 20 years ago led to the downfall of one family and changed the course of both families forever. The patriarchs of the Tuan and Yeh families faced each other in an epic professional fist-fighting tournament that went horribly wrong, and the two families have been sworn enemies ever since. Tuan Yu-Chiao ('Tony Sun (III)' (qv)) is the son of one of the feuding families who also is an expert fist fighter as well as heir to the family's successful entertainment company.
227 ::: A Horse Connection (2009) ::: short ::: Original documentary short that explores the relationship between horses and persons with special needs. Nancy King, a specialist in Equine Assisted Therapy, introduces us to her riding therapy program, designed to assist special needs considerations. This includes autism, blindness, and other forms of physical or developmental disabilities. Meet Linda, Alyssa, Vincent, Morgan, Jacqueline, and Joey-five clients who have had their lives changed forever through their involvement with Nancy and her horses.
228 ::: Waiting for a Storm (????) ::: documentary ::: The chars of the Brahmaputra are a curious geographical feature of the river - they are small, temporary land masses, almost like islands, that appear and disappear seasonally due to erosion. They are also places that many immigrant communities of Assam call home. They farm on the transient land masses and raise their families there as well. Waiting for a Storm explores this ephemeral relationship between the chars and their residents through the prism of two different subjects - Amjad Ali, a farmer who lives on such a char and Sahjahan Hussain, a young activist from the mainland who is working for land rights of the char dwellers. Through their voices the film navigates questions of identity and reform. And as their paths converge, Amjad and Sahjahan's future remains as uncertain as the receding landscape surrounding them.
229 ::: Hot Under the Collar (1992) ::: comedy ::: Jerry tries to seduce his girlfriend Monica via hypnosis, but it accidentally makes her want to enter a convent and take a vow of chastity instead. Jerry tries to get her out by disguising himself to a priest and later as a nun. Alas, his rescue attempt crosses paths with a mobster who looks for his hidden stolen diamonds in the convent. Things get even more complicated when the pope himself decides to pay a surprise visit.
230 ::: Through the Grapevine (2014) ::: short ::: In the 1990s, beloved Dookie primary school teacher Peter McManus abruptly abandoned his job to become a winery grape-grower. Even more astonishing was the fact that Peter's new employer was a hitchhiking businessman, who Peter had encountered on the side of the road one fateful evening. However, this was far from the first time that Peter made a bold choice in his life. From his record-breaking blood donations to his ongoing local charity work, Peter's life philosophy has been to embrace opportunities and to live life for others - and he considers himself all the richer for it. Through a captivating story, moving interviews and stunningly creative visuals, this short documentary reveals the powerful influence that each of us has over everyone around us... and how one humble country bloke has harnessed this potential for the greater good.
231 ::: Possum Hunter (2000) ::: thriller ::: Four boys (School Pals) decide to go camping at a hut in the forest before heading off to start college. They tramp into the forest and discover that the hut has been burned down, while looking for something else to sleep in they meet a deranged Possum Hunter in the bush who offers them shelter in his hut. They take up his offer stay in his hut for the night and have a drink with him. Later that night they find a severed hand hidden in a box at the back of the hut and suspect that Hunter might possibly have killed someone and is hiding form the police. The four boys decide to play it cool and raise no alarms but to get out of there in the morning. Morning comes and the boys try to make a hasty retreat but the Hunter gets suspicious of their change of attitude towards him and then discovers that one of them (the boy's) has taken an old bone of his and accuses them of stealing from him, Rob try's to smooth over the situation but gets smacked across the face by the but of his rifle, Hamish rescues Rob from the Hunter but the hunter declares that he is going to give them the length of time of two cigarettes before coming to hunt them down. The boys make a break for it and try and get as far away from the hunter as possible. The hunter finishes his second smoke and the hunt is now on. Now it is a race for the boys to get back to their car with their lives or end up dead in the forest. The boys try and run as fast as they can but one of them trips and sprains his ankle, which leaves the others struggling to keep pace while carrying him. Soon the Hunter catches up to them with his skill and local knowledge of the forest and is trying to shot them down. Despite the boy's jump over step cliff and hide behind a tree truck in the stream below. While seeking cover behind the tree trunk and out of sight of the Hunter, they devise a plan to get back to car. They decide to make a break and run for it. The Hunter can see them from the top of the cliff and takes aim, realizing he is to far up, he jumps down the cliff and try's to chase them. He trips on the way down, dropping his gun and tumbles down to creek. This gives the boys enough time to make a break and get within sight of the car in an empty car park. Hamish decides to brave it walks to the car himself. Once getting to car and thinking the coast is clear, he summons the others to make their break. They do so and then discover once next to the car that the Possum Hunter is hiding behind a tree close by. He points the gun at them and tells them to line up in a single file. The boys do so and as the Hunter prepares to shoot them, the boys make a surprise attack on him and wrestle the hunter to the ground and get his gun from him. Amongst the panic and commotion, and one of the boys shots the Hunter in the chest and then in the heart. The Hunter dies and then there is a new dilemma of deciding what to do with his body- do they bury him in the bush and say nothing or go to the police and risk being tried for murder? After much debate they decide to bury the Hunter the bush. This weighs heavy on the conscious and walk away from the forest scarred forever with a secret they can never tell anybody.
232 ::: Animosity (2009) ::: documentary ::: In the old days, violence was the solution to problems for many of todays Krump dancers. Today there is a different way... Krump. so there are battles for competition and there are battles that are friendly challenges, but on this DVD, the battles are not for any of those reasons. On this DVD, there are only battles that take place between the dancers in order to resolve animosity and real beef. The Krump Kings go though many daily challenges and sometime things get tough. Sometimes things get personal, and sometimes... there is ANIMOSITY
233 ::: Underground (1976) ::: documentary ::: It's the mid 1970s and the Weather Underground Organization (WUO), a radical (and violent) offshoot of the Students for a Democratic Society, explains to leftist filmmakers the difficulties and experiences of being underground and wanted by the federal government.
234 ::: Hot for Transsexuals 3 (2017) ::: adult ::: Kinky director and scene player Aiden Starr's friends from the TS world show us the alluring, mysterious reality of gender-bent dating - in each scene of Hot For Transsexuals 3, a feminine, horny T-girl hooks up with a bold male adventurer for forbidden fun. Tattooed Chelsea Marie's huge bulge expands her bikini panties. Chad Diamond deep-throats her big boner. She fellates him ass-to-mouth and they trade hard-slamming butt fucks. Exotically pretty Tori Mayes and Chad share passionate mouth kissing and 69. Tori's little dicklet twirls as she rides the man's meat. Gorgeous Alexa Scout has pretty tits, long legs, a big butt and a gaping bunghole. She tickles Lance Hart's taint and laps his balls; skin-slamming sodomy makes her grip the bed. With a butt plug lodged in his sphincter, she strokes him to orgasm and they French kiss. Slim natural redhead Mandy Mitchell totally swallows tattooed, pierced Mike Panic's erection. She deeply rims his rectum, massages his prostate and feeds him the anal flavor; Mandy sits on his face so he can taste hers. She spits his jism into his mouth.
235 ::: Level Up (2016/I) ::: thriller ::: MATT and ANNA are a young couple living in London. Anna is starting her career and knows what she wants, whilst Matt is still struggling to find his purpose in life. On the surface they are happy but tensions are beginning to mount. Then one morning masked thugs break into the flat and kidnap Anna before assaulting Matt, locking him into a mysterious vest and leaving him a mobile phone. Matt is told the vest contains a package which he must deliver by following instructions issued to him via the mobile phone. If he fails, tries to seek help, or deviates from their instructions, they will kill Anna. Over the course of one day Matt has to make his way across London in a desperate bid to save his girlfriend as a host of characters attempt to derail him from his mission.
236 ::: James Marsters: Words and Music (2005) ::: music ::: American actor James Marsters, who earned international fame in his role of the punk vampire "Spike" on "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" and its spin-off "Angel," showcases his talents on this made-for-DVD album. The "Words" half (45 min.) depicts Marsters's stage talents - he acted on stage, and created a theater company, for many years before appearing on television - as he explains the background of William Shakespeare's "Macbeth" and plays the part of Macbeth in the most important scenes and monologues. In the "Music" half of the DVD (58 min.), he performs (on acoustic and electric guitar) many of the songs that he played with his band Ghost of the Machine, and throws in some new ones. These include "Birth of the Blues," "Smile," "Louise," and others that his fans enjoy. The major fault of the DVD is that it includes no credits and no explanation of where he was performing. It is chiefly a one-man show, Marsters onstage with a microphone, guitar, and bottle of water, but the actress who performs the role of Lady Macbeth should have been identified. The DVD has bottomed-out production values, as Marsters produced the whole thing by himself.
237 ::: The World Is Mine (2017) ::: documentary ::: A western Cosplayer (costume player) of the popular cyber diva Hatsune Miku moves to Tokyo and gets to know the otaku community - obsessive manga fans. Her journey explores identity through cosplay and the fandom of the cyber diva Hatsune Miku, epitomizing collective fantasy as she is fan created. The film demonstrate the relevance of this behavior globally in terms of collective fantasy, with voice overs woven of lyrics fans wrote for Hatsune Miku. A western Cosplayer (costume player) of the cyber diva Hatsune Miku moves to Tokyo. Her journey explores identity through cosplay and the fandom of the cyber diva Hatsune Miku, epitomizing collective fantasy. Hatsune Miku is a "vocaloid", a synthesizer software.
238 ::: Scars (2016/II) ::: horror ::: SCARS is a psychological thriller, written and directed by Canadian filmmaker Sean K. Robb. In this stark and disturbing story, Scar - a raven-haired punk with blood under her fingernails - and Scarlett - a blond beauty with a penchant for extortion - discover that they enjoy killing men together. 'Killing dudes is easy,' says Scar, as the two women embark on a violent and ruthless killing spree, pursued by the mysterious Det. Mike. A story about what happens to human beings who allow themselves to be consumed by nihilism and misanthropy, SCARS is an exploration of morality and ethics in a post 9/11 world - a tense and terrifying film that's part character study, part slasher flick.
239 ::: "Luke Nguyen's Greater Mekong" (2012) ::: documentary ::: Celebrated chef, Luke Nguyen, in the third instalment of his popular series takes us on a culinary journey across the Greater Mekong region of Southeast Asia. Beginning in southwest China, Luke explores the culinary cultures and centuries old traditions of Yunnan Province, from the Naxi people of Lijiang to the Dai communities of Xishuangbana. Journeying south to Myanmar, Luke uncovers the unique flavours of the former capital, Yangon. He learns the family recipes of Inle Lake communities and cooks with the hill tribes of the Shan State. Crossing the border into northern Thailand, Luke learns from local fishermen and Aka grandmothers that the mighty Mekong River is more than just a source of food - it is a way of life.
240 ::: Youngblood Hawke (1964) ::: drama ::: Arthur Hawke works as a coal truck driver in Kentucky, he in the process trying to protect his widowed mother Sarah Hawke's property rights against his wealthy and cutthroat paternal uncles' mineral rights. Sarah, however, may be more astute in the matters of business than her son. In his spare time, Arthur is writing a novel under the pen name Youngblood Hawke, it, his first, which he is able to sell to a New York publishing house. As such, Arthur moves to New York City while he works on the necessary rewrites and contemplates his next novel, which he knows can and will pour out of him. Even before that first novel, Alms of Oblivion, is published, Arthur is the toast of certain literary circles in New York. Naive to the ways of the business, he gets caught up in this new life, in having to deal with the publishers, agents, managers, lawyers, critics, theater people who want him to translate the work into a play, and movie types who want to purchase the movie rights. He has to decide whose advice to follow in these matters, he potentially being overextended in he wanting to do and have it all. He does not realize until he is ensconced within this life that there was a latent passion associated with his work, the women around him who can smell it ooze off of him. The feminine advances for who he ultimately falls is that of Frieda Winter, a wealthy, married socialite and a frequent patron of the arts. In his affair with Frieda which needs to be hidden at every turn, Arthur may not yet realize that what he feels for his story editor, Jeanne Green, who initially discovered his unsolicited manuscript, is more than just professional gratitude. Through it all, Arthur may eventually come to the understanding that his standing in this world is solely judged on the success or failure of his latest work. Youngblood Hawke is a truck driver from Kentucky who comes to New York City to become a hot-shot writer. Almost immediately, he meets editor Jeanne Green. She sees great promise in Hawke's writing and falls for the handsome Kentuckian while helping him put together his first book deal. His first novel is moderately successful, but it is soon transformed into a Broadway play by a has-been stage actress. Jeanne discovers that Youngblood has an effect on a great many women, so she takes a job at a new publishing company. Soon after, Hawke's second novel is heralded and he becomes the toast of the town. He then has an affair with a married socialite. His third novel bombs and is also panned by critics...Hawke's financial state declines into hard times. Returning to Kentucky to work on his next book, he contracts pneumonia before realizing that his first editor Jeanne was his ideal woman.
241 ::: En vanföreställning (2011) ::: music ::: Andi Almqvist, Swedish singer/songwriter in transit in the Czech Republic and on stage in Malmö, Sweden. Andi's music moves in and out of the backyards of life, where the broken hearts and ragged characters gather, far from a happy end. Andi Alqvist has toured throughout the US and Europe and is hailed by the American as well as the European music press.
242 ::: The House of Screaming Death (2017) ::: horror ::: Echoing the distinctive and much celebrated great British Gothic Horror films of the 1960-70s, The House of Screaming Death will uphold their successful traditions with the telling of four macabre tales of terror all told by the mysterious Architect. Each horrific segment delves into explicit corners of the supernatural, summoning such damned creations as the ghostly Lady in Grey, stories of Witchcraft most foul, Vampirism and the Occult. But as these horrifying tales unfold with nightmarish conclusions, the Architect also has one last shocking secret of his own to tell. A dark and stormy night... A collector of the macabre weaves four tales of terror for a group of very special guests. "The Lady in Grey" - 1943; as the flames of war spread, a veteran of the Great War looks back on the history of Bray Manor and the ghosts that haunt him and the hallways of the ancient house. "The Witch in the Mirror" - 1970; Lily Proctor inherits the old house and as the spirit of a witch trapped in the Netherworld by the spectral Necromancers tries desperately to escape back into our realm a dark secret from Lily's past is revealed. "The Vampyre" - 1888; following a string of killings a young gentleman comes to Bray Manor. Painted as an outcast by the villagers he befriends a helpless stranger, but his kind heart may be his own undoing. "The Diabolique" - Sam Campbell finds himself at the center of strange happenings as an ancient, demonic spirit strives to break into our world. Each of these stories has a sting in its tail, but the final revelations of who the Architect is may just be the biggest shock of all.
243 ::: Túlvilági beszélö (1992) ::: documentary ::: Mail <svaradi@sprynet.com> for translation. Tollas Tibor az 1945-os fordulatot kovetoen katonatisztkent teljesit szolgalatot a szovjet csapatok altal megszallt Bereg megyeben, ahol nehany kozsegben szovjet kozigazgatast vezettek be. Tollas jelentest tesz tapasztalatairol, ezert az AVO hamarosan letartoztatja. A vaci fegyhazban rabtarsaival konspiralva osszeallitja a Fuveskert cimu antologiat, amelyet kicsempesznek a bortonbol. Szabadulasa utan 1956-ban elhagyja az orszagot. 1963-ig Becsben, majd Munchenben szerkeszti a forradalom ugyet nepszerusito Nemzetor cimu lapot. A film rendezoi a koltovel keszitett, az eletutat feltaro interjuk mellett elkiserik Tollas Tibort a rendszervaltas utan tartott magyarorszagi eloadoutjara, latogatast tesznek a koltovel szulofalujaban, megorokitik itthoni talalkozasait, es a Nemzetor muncheni szerkesztesenek, kiadasanak korulmenyeit.
244 ::: The Medusa (????) ::: biography ::: Set during the turmoil of post-Napoleonic France, the story centers on Géricault, artist and enfant terrible, who learns that his best friend has died after the Naval vessel Medusa runs aground near Senegal. Plunged into grief, and entangled in a passionate but doomed love affair, Géricault begins to search for a reason to live. In this quest, he becomes morbidly obsessed with the disaster -- and with seeing justice served.
245 ::: Der arme Müllerbursch und das Kätzchen (1971) ::: animation ::: There once was a poor miller, who had no children but three boys to work for him. The two older and larger ones were lazy, mean, and stupid. The youngest was hard-working, friendly, and cheerful. When the miller decides that he is too old to work anymore, he tells each of the boys to go out into the world and find a beautiful horse. He who brings back the most beautiful horse will inherit the mill and must care for the miller in his old age. When the two older boys leave the youngest behind, he meets a magic cat, who says she will give him a beautiful horse, as long as he can complete three tasks: first, he has to chop wood with a silver axe; then he must cut down all the grass in the field by the end of the day; finally, he must chop down trees and build the cat a home. He returns to the mill to wait for his reward, and not only does Hans receive the horse, but some even better surprises, as well!
246 ::: Return of the Commander (2008) ::: animation ::: If Charlie Brown had grown up, he'd probably be a lot like Brandon. He's a thirty-year-old man-child whose dreams of becoming an artistic success have been thwarted in the biggest way possible- he's the lowest of the low in the creative industry... a wedding videographer! Haunted by visions of his 5-year-old self crying at what he's become, Brandon is ready to give up all hope, until one day he gets a mysterious phone call from his childhood mentor, "Commander" Mark Kistler. Brandon's world rapidly unravels, and a wacky plot involving killer mechazoid robots and time travel ensues.
247 ::: Loose Times at Ridley High (1988) ::: adult ::: The succulent girls of Ridley High are about to graduate and this lust-filled take-off of a famous book fulfills every youthful fantasy ever dreamed of. Mad crushes on male teachers run rampant as our sweet young things explore their budding sexuality as well as each other's bodies. So young, so innocent, so tender, these cute little lasses - bedecked in their mid-thigh uniforms - cross AND uncross their virginal legs for their instructors. With shoulder straps that outline their pert, young breasts, teachers struggle to maintain their raging passions. Student - teacher conferences take on a whole new meaning!! HOT!!
248 ::: Fifa e arena (1948) ::: comedy ::: In Napoli, Nicolino Capece, a truthful pharmacist clerk becomes erroneously recognized as a dangerous Spanish criminal and decides to escape to Spain. In Siviglia, he is blackmailed by the bandit Cast who wants him to marry the rich Patricia Cotten and then kill her. So Nicolino play the bull fighter and heads to the arena....
249 ::: "Million Dollar Traders" (2009) ::: reality-tv ::: Million Dollar Traders follows a group of twelve wannabe traders dealing in shares during the events of the financial crisis of 2007-2009 which was then whittled down to the final eight. The contestants came from various backgrounds, including a fight promoter, a day trader, an IT/banking recruitment consultant, a working mother, a retired IT engineer and a student, among others. During the series hedge fund manager Lex van Dam gave the contestants $1 million of his own money to trade for 2 months. Professional trader Anton Kreil, was appointed as the manager of the group. The three-part BBC series, narrated by Andrew Lincoln, was a part of the "City Season" programming on the BBC. It aired on BBC 2 in the UK at 9pm on Monday evenings between 12 and 27 January 2009.
250 ::: Dr. Nagesh (2004) ::: documentary ::: Dr. Nagesh gives daily, free, consultations in Munbai (Bombay). He takes care of HIV positive patients who cannot afford anti-HIV treatments. These men, women and children face the disease as well as their rejection from society. Dr. Nagesh helps them take stock of their financial, emotional and family situation. In the privacy of his office, masks fall, revealing each person's contradictions and deep feelings.
251 ::: My tattoo (2016) ::: drama ::: In 2016, Shiho is going to marry her fiance but his mother is against their marrige. Even if her fiancé cancelled the marriage, she has the reason to erase her tattoo. When 3 stories, "2004", "2016" and "20xx" are intersecting, Shiho's hurt in her deep mind covered by her tattoo is getting cleared.
252 ::: The Road to Passchendaele (2008) ::: documentary ::: THE ROAD TO PASSCHENDAELE is a provocative and comprehensive documentary film which goes behind-the-scenes of the feature film. The documentary includes extensive interviews with many of Paul Gross and many others of the creative team behind the largest Canadian film ever made. The film also features unprecedented on-set access to the massive and muddy Passchendaele battlefield, and the means to recreating hell on earth. The documentary follows Paul and the Passchendaele team through the making-of the film, from the boot camp training session with the cast, to the Canadian Armed Force's involvement in the film, through to the challenges of accurately depicting one of the most brutal battles in our military history.
253 ::: Aligermaas äventyr - i vildhästarnas dal (1998) ::: documentary ::: Aligermaa - eight years old - sits on a horse as if born to do so. She lives in Mongolia, together with her father, mother and her big and little brother. On the open-wide steppes, where the wind whistles and the sky is an endless, colourful panorama, the family lives in harmony with the harsh and breathtaking nature. However, in Aligermaa's world, the horse is absolutely crucial and so everybody is eagerly awaiting the magnificent annual horse race, where all of the children will take part.
254 ::: Return to the Isle of Jaws (2017) ::: documentary ::: Paul De Gelder returns to Shark Week with Dr. Jonathan Werry and Andy Casagrande to unlock the mysteries of the new great white hot spot, Isle of Jaws. And on their journey, they make a startling discovery that causes them to re-think everything.
255 ::: Foundations of Freedom: The Bible and Science (2015) ::: documentary ::: Academics often claim the Bible is Anti-Science. But are science and scripture really at odds? Most Americans would be surprised to learn that some of history's greatest thinkers were not only believers, but avid students of the Bible. Did you know the keys to some of our greatest scientific discoveries we found in scripture? Today's American culture does not encourage competition. In an era when everyone wants to be a winner, we have lowered our standards to level the playing field. But history proves that competition leads to progress. What does the Bible say about competition? How do we recapture the spirit of competition in a society ruled by relativism? Can America get back in the game? American courts were designed to be courts of justice. But over time, power has shifted from the people to a select crowd of elected officials. Have we strayed from the founders' original intent? What is the proper role of the judiciary branch? And how do we the people hold our courts accountable?
256 ::: El otro lado del pasillo (2006) ::: short ::: Recently emigrated Miguel has a hard time dealing with diverse cultures while his kids try hard to just fit in. But Miguel's refusal to acknowledge his cross-dressing neighbor and his strict orders to have his kids do the same angers his wife and eventually has the kids defying his authority.
257 ::: Shades of Brooklyn Vol. 1 (2008) ::: short ::: Volume 1 examines the theme of sexuality and our youth. Our story begins with Temporary Insanity, in which two working-class subway commuters find themselves disturbed by the rambunctious and intrusive banter of a group of high school boys coming home from basketball practice. The boys become concerned when they realize that one of their members, Lashaun, is distant and withdrawn. Finally, as Lashaun is beginning to confide in his friends that he is questioning his own contradictory behavior, the two older commuters begin to find themselves interested in Lashaun's relatable story. Karma finds Gus, a 40-something-year-old homeowner, taking a break from doing some home repair, when he is interrupted by his dramatic neighbor, Lonny, who is seeking advice. Lonny, a 30-something-year-old father, begins to retell a conversation with his 6-year-old daughter where she asks him about sex. Lonny, clearly wanting to avoid the subject, neglects to give his daughter straight forward answers, and finds that he has dug a deeper hole than the one he originally found himself in, much to Gus's amusement. The Longest Walk follows 17-year-old young woman, Allison, who has gotten dressed up to impress a boy (Lashaun), which is a first for her. As she walks to the train station she begins to get compliments from some of the men in her neighborhood, which she finds surprisingly flattering. But as she makes her way, the comments and looks become more imposing and disgusting, to the point that Allison starts to become shell shocked. She discovers that although she sees herself as a young girl, the world has already to see her as a woman. Temporary Insanity: Boisterous teens bum rush a Brooklyn bound subway train and coerce their reluctant friend to dish his girl problems. Karma: Meanwhile on a Bed-Stuy stoop, an immature father is trying to refute the advice of an older friend after he explains how he blundered his way through a "sex talk" with his 6-year-old daughter. The Longest Walk: To impress a boy, 17-year-old Allison has gotten all dolled up for the first time and discovers that the world no longer sees her as a little girl, but as a grown woman. Welcome to Brooklyn!
258 ::: Scrimmage (2017) ::: short ::: For Akil and Rashad Bridge, football and brotherhood are the only things that matter. Determined to make his brother a champ, former college star Akil arranges to have his college coach attend a practice. As Akil sees their opportunity slip away, their passion pushes them both to the edge and the brothers will never be the same again.
259 ::: The Courage of Silence (1917) ::: drama ::: Bradley, who is happily married and loves his family, is called to London on business. There he meets Mercedes, wife of the Spanish Ambassador. The marriage has been forced upon her, and her husband is cruel. Unaware that Bradley is married, she falls in love with him, and he is also infatuated. His better nature finally prevails, and he returns home and is happy until he receives a photograph from Mercedes. On pretext of business, he again goes back to Mercedes, finds there has been a quarrel, and that the ambassador has struck her. She and Bradley go away together, and while crossing the channel, he inadvertently discloses the fact that he is married. Mercedes unwilling to come between husband and wife, flees to a convent, and Bradley, unable to find her, joins an expedition to the forests of South America. Bradley has written his wife that he is a coward. Her health fails and her father takes her and the children for a trip abroad. The children are attacked by an epidemic of fever, and Mercedes, now a nurse, is summoned. She learns the identity of the family, and, when the boy calls for his father, she starts a search for him. After the crisis, Mercedes who has concealed her identity by use of a veil, wins her fight against a renewal of their relations, and warns Bradley, who has recognized her, to keep his wife in ignorance. Recovering from the fever which has now claimed her, she sees the reunited family depart for America, and knows her heart is empty and closed forever to love.
260 ::: 12 Nights with the Grulems (2017) ::: horror ::: A Gritty paranormal horror about a team of 6 specially talented investigators looking in to 1 of history's strangest and darkest family's known as THE GRULEMS . A family of 12 who lived in the year 1818 and were said to have practiced dark black magic .Now as legend would have it the GRULEMS worshiped an evil dark entity known only as GLOR. And the GRULEMS had learnt that by each offering an innocent soul up to this dark spirit that they would each obtain the ability to return to our plain of existence for 1 night once every 100 years to act out there Gruesome fantasy's of murder and mayhem. Now 100 years later in the year 1918 there was reports in the area where THE GRULEMS used to live and 144 people were strangely killed in there sleep over the 12 nights that THE GRULEMS are said to be able to return to gather more souls. Now in modern day a group of paranormal investigators have found out about the legend and decide that there next project should be to investigate this legendary family ,they seek out the place THE GRULEMS used to live all them years ago and begin an investigation over the 12 nights legend says the family can return.. The 6 highly trained paranormal investigators and psychic's and a powerful Priest must now do battle with 1 of history's most violent and unpredictable family's known as THE GRULEMS
261 ::: "Me vs. Me" (2006) ::: sport ::: Me vs. Me helps the underdog sports enthusiast shed their underdog status by pairing them up with a famous coach or sports figure. On top of this, each underdog is given the best gear to date in his sport - all this in an effort to achieve their sports goal. Can wake boarder learn to slalom ski? Can a golfer break 90. Can and cyclist climb Mt. Baker?
262 ::: Dangerous Profession (1999) ::: adult ::: An intelligence agent plans to arrest several double-agents, but the secret sellers get wind of the plan. They need to know who's on to their scheme, so they grab a brace of perky entry-level operatives and attempt to force them to divulge the information they need.
263 ::: Fragile (2011/II) ::: short ::: A married couple flee the city to a country home in a desperate attempt to survive a deadly outbreak caused by a government distributed vaccine. They must depend on each if they hope to survive, but they share an unspeakable secret that threatens to tear them apart.
264 ::: Jean-Michel Jarre Destination Docklands (1988) ::: music ::: Jean-Michel Jarre, in concert with his musicians at the London Docklands venue. The guest artists include, guitarist Hank Marvin, vocalists Mireille Pombo and Duke Bakewell, dancer Setsuko Yamada and Turkish flautist Kudsi Erguner. The show also features The Young Women of Mali Choir and The Newham Academy of Music Choir. Mike Mansfield, "Mr. Cue the Music", directs this dazzling pyrotechnic spectacular with equal energy to Jarre's music, and even the rain, drenching even special guest Princess Diana, makes for a dramatic hour of music and views of Docklands under the incredible fireworks displays.
265 ::: "My Manny" (2009) ::: comedy ::: Jennifer is the single mother of Jamel, an active and energetic little boy. She works hard and puts all of her energy into raising her son and expanding her catering business, leaving very little time or energy to take care of herself. Since her husband passed away, it's been just the two of them, and Jennifer often uses nannies to help out with Jamel when her schedule gets too hectic. When her regular nanny has to leave town for a family emergency, Jennifer is surprised when the agency sends Mike, a male nanny and a handsome one at that. The series starts on Mike's first day of work and follows Jennifer as she gets used to having another man in her life. Over the course of 20 episodes, Jennifer begins to realize that Mike may not only be the perfect nanny, he might just be the perfect man. Jennifer is a single mother who works hard and puts all of her energy into raising her son and expanding her catering business, leaving very little time or energy to take care of herself. Since her husband passed away, it's been just the two of them, and Jennifer often uses nannies to help out with Jamel when her schedule gets too hectic. When her regular nanny has to leave town for a family emergency, Jennifer is surprised when the agency sends Mike, a male nanny and a handsome one at that. The series starts on Mike's first day of work and follows Jennifer as she gets used to having another man in her life. Over the course of 20 episodes, Jennifer begins to realize that Mike may not only be the perfect nanny, he might just be the perfect man.
266 ::: Tuch Khari Gharchi Laxmi (2011) ::: drama ::: The movie marks the comeback of Sunil Barve again into the growing zone of Marathi cinema. The actor is extremely popular for his Marathi TV Serials and plays is now all set to resurface in ''Tuch Khari Gharchi Lakshmi''. The story as the title suggests is all about the empowerment of the girl child in a society that is hugely patriarchal and hesitant towards accepting the girl child with open arms. Produced by Harshal Bhadane& Directed by Vijay Bhanu. Story, Screenplay and Dialogues by Baburao Borgaavkar. Songs Sung by the versatile Suresh Wadkar, Swapnil Bandodkar, Vaishali Maade, Uttara Kelkar, Vaishali Samant, Milind Shinde & Mona Kamat. It promises to be a comeback and cinema for a cause.
267 ::: Deep Down (2002) ::: short ::: In this darkly comic short film, a daughter and her elderly dying mother are arguing over a dress. Not just any dress, this is a 1930s Parisian ball gown, and the two women's respective desires for it are played out to a comical through bitter end.
268 ::: Josh Rand: The Sound and the Story (2013) ::: documentary ::: FRET12 is taking you behind the scenes with Stone Sour guitarist Josh Rand. Get to know his one of a kind Sound and Story - a story that until now, has never been told. Learn his music the way it was meant to be played, by learning straight from Josh himself. Whether you are a guitarist, or fan; you will experience the instrumental sounds and life stories that have combined to make him the musician he is today.
269 ::: Dare Not Walk Alone (2006) ::: documentary ::: To a soundtrack the mixes gospel with hip-hop, this film tells the story of the heroic but often overlooked protests by black and white civil rights supporters in 1964 in Saint Augustine, Florida, and the inequalities that persist to this day in the local African American community.
270 ::: Vimukthi (2010) ::: family ::: Madhavi is a lone daughter of Keshavarao, an exponent of the traditional Mysore paintings. Denied of motherly love very early in the life, Madhavi develops a strange feeling for her father during her formative years. It is an obsession bordering on insanity. Her unusual feelings, which should have subsided with time, remain dormant in her psyche. Well-known psychoanalyst Sigmund Freud defines such a state of mind as Electra complex, a daughter's unresolved attraction to her father. Madhavi's married life does not find fruition as it is undermined by her cluttered psyche. She is overcome by jealousy and raises a storm when Nava, a foreign girl, comes to learn traditional paintings under Keshavarao. With her actions revealing her unnatural psyche, the family life collapses and her husband Vibhin finds himself in a quandary. Madhavi even fails to see her daughter Rachana's childhood cravings. The painful realization forces Keshavarao to find a way out of the family labyrinth. A few years later, Madhavi discovers that her father is in distant Kashi and goes searching for him. The eerie life of Kashi, the mysterious happenings, and the people longing for death in Mukthibhavan with the belief of attaining salvation, create a sense of disenchantment in her. She slowly begins to comprehend the incomprehensible. Man-woman relationship is of great profundity. It has defied the logic of philosophy, wisdom of spirituality and the inquisitiveness of psychoanalysis with all its subtlety and complexity which are beyond time and space. The mystery of the relationship caught the imagination of great philosophers and writers since the time of Sophocles, Aeschylus, Shakespeare, Kalidasa and has continued to mesmerize their forerunners living in the present times
271 ::: Universo di notte (1962) ::: music ::: Beginning in Las Vegas with a dance of the Bluebells, we are shown a variety, with jugglers, singers, Thai boxing, cock fighting and so on. A Variety taking place in Hong Kong, Manila, New York, Paris, Cremona. The break between an act and the next being a striptease.
272 ::: HaModedim (2007) ::: short ::: Two surveyor workers, working during Memorial Day on the construction of the separation wall, unaware of the different segments of Israel's absurd reality surrounding them. The Memorial Day siren burst through a country, where the past is always at presence.
273 ::: Khuda Ki Shaan (1931) ::: drama ::: Ramaki (Sulochana), a poor scheduled caste girl, has an illegitimate daughter by Manekchand; the son of the wealthy Krishnadas. She seeks refuge with a nautch girl. Krishnadas, who also wants to possess Ramaki, dies trying to kill her. Ramaki then seeks shelter with a young Muslim but they perish in a fire. Her daughter, along with the Muslim's son (Jagtap), is raised by a nomad, Garibdas Sadhu (Makanda), a character made to look like Gandhi. The youngsters are hired as factory hands by Manekchand who unwittingly falls in love with his own daughter and appropriates land belonging to Garibdas.
274 ::: Between Western and California (2012) ::: drama ::: Jacob, a struggling Chicago graffiti artist- turned-painter hustles haircuts and marijuana to support his art. During the week leading up to the Puerto Rican parade, he receives an unlikely offer to have his paintings represented by a major art gallery. A beautiful young art consultant, and daughter of the community Alderman, Paris Rolon introduces Jacob to the world of high art and an opportunity to leave Humboldt Park in his past. His golden opportunity is threatened when his family and friends place demands on him to make an allegiance to the neighborhood, revolting against the young white professionals gentrifying their community and the politicians' rumors of removing the seventy-five foot Puerto Rican flags statues that border the neighborhood.
275 ::: "My Life Worked Out" (2016) ::: comedy ::: MY LIFE WORKED OUT, is a two-hander, comedy/parody web series surrounding the lives of JESS and AMY, two women in their late 20s who are best friends despite their polar opposite personalities. We follow their attempt to get their lives together as they sign up for the latest phase and craze to hit the LA gym scene...CLASS PASS. These are short (3-5 mins), comedy sketches in the vein of INSIDE AMY SCHUMER meets BROAD CITY. Each episode is set around a different over the top and ridiculous exercise class attended by Jess and Amy who embark on the endless pursuit of getting their lives to "work out" but just falling short...
276 ::: Star Spangled Canadians (2000) ::: documentary ::: Award-winning documentary filmmaker David Paperny, with host Jeffrey Simpson, take a close look at the controversy, myths and realities behind the Canadian exodus to the United States. This program focuses on our perception of ourselves. What does it mean to be Canadian? How do we define ourselves? We meet some famous Canadians, some quietly successful Canadians and some very ambitious Canadians. They all live in the United States, with varying opinions and reasons for their decision.
277 ::: A Terrible Night (1900) ::: short ::: A nightmare in motion. A man dozing on his cot, is startled by the apparition of Satan who suddenly appears in his room. He arouses himself and attacks the demon but with each attack the demon disappears, only to reappear in another position.
278 ::: Bite (2015/I) ::: horror ::: While on her bachelorette party getaway, Casey, the bride to be, gets a seemingly harmless bite from an unknown insect. After returning home with cold feet, Casey tries to call off her wedding but before she's able to, she starts exhibiting insect like traits. Between her physical transformation and her wedding anxiety, Casey succumbs to her new instincts and begins creating a hive that not only houses her translucent eggs, but feeds on the flesh of others. As her transformation becomes complete, Casey discovers that everything can change with a single bite.
279 ::: Deputy Bob (2003) ::: comedy ::: Deputy Bob is a story about Timmy O'Brien's journey to accept a place in his father's legacy, learning about his own identity during the process, and Professor Smith's misfortunes encountered while seeking approval from others. Intricately woven, both stories run parallel in current time and through remembrances of the past, while taking place on separate sides of the country. The common link is Dr. O'Brien, Timmy's father as well as Smith's boss, and his noble research into a radical cure for cancer. While mainly comedic, the story is also told with dramatic and surreal moments.
280 ::: Heer (1956) ::: romance ::: Heer is the story of two lovers, after the mythical Punjabi legend of Heer and Ranjhna. It tells their thwarted love, and how beautiful Heer and intrepid Ranjhna must fight to reunite in spite of obstacles and enemies. The two lovers belong to opposing tribes/families and villains are out and out to separate them. During a fair where her champion has been tricked, Heer is promised to somebody of her clan. The defeated hero wonders in the wilderness and meets with witches who direct him to his beloved. In spite of having fallen from princehood to beggarhood, he thus gets back to her, and they hope to marry, but Ranjhna's enemies are still looking for him, and they stalk him. A trap is laid to capture Ranjhna and to stop any further common plan, Heer is married to her rightful suitor. She plans suicide, but Ranjhna arrives, he tries to drag her away, but he's seen in her apartments and therefore she's declared impure and is condemned to the dungeons. The marriage takes place, in spite of Heer's will. Time passes; Ranjhna the wanderer has become a yogi and winds his way again to Heer's home. She's almost dead, but when she hears of him, she rises and meets him. But she's been too long deprived of him, and has lost her mind: she doesn't recognize him. Shocked, she lies down to die. A plan is organized to join the star-crossed lovers: Ranjhna declares he must take Heer to his hermitage in order to pray and revive her. The plan works thanks to a sister in law: Ranjhna prays and Heer resurrects. But again the pair's enemies catch them, and once more they are separated, and brought in front of the judge, who gives Heer to her lawful husband. She is dragged out, but during her convoy, her own prayer brings fire down on the city, and this proves to the King that she was wrongfully married. Alas, this won't prove good, and Heer's relatives rig another plan to doom her and her lover. She is told to sacrifice herself to save her father, whose house is attacked by a mob of angry and manipulated villagers. This time Ranjhna arrives too late, and can only hold in his arms the poisoned heroine.
281 ::: Karl Weschke: Myths of a Life (2001) ::: documentary ::: A film portrait about the moving life of German painter Karl Weschke. Born in Gera he grew up as the son of a prostitute and as a streetkid always dreamed of being a hero. Hitler seemed to be that hero, but then he was taken to England as a prisoner of war and received education in a British re-education camp. Today in the UK he is a well-known painter, with eight paintings in the permanent collection of the Tate Gallery. It took him to become 70 to realize a lifelong dream: Egypt, the cradle of mankind for him. The film follows Karl Weschke, now being 74. From is home town Gera, to Cornwall and finally to Egypt, which - after having seen it for the first time - enlighted all his paintings.
282 ::: The Dark Grim (2008) ::: horror ::: Jason Berks thought he'd solved Johnstown's vampire problem for good. Thirteen years after Jason sacrificed himself to rid the town of the demons, the abandoned mine where he buried their bodies is reopened- and four empty body bags spell bad news for Johnstown once again. The vampires, led by Rigo, kidnap Jason's mother and terrorize the town in retaliation for their years of suffering. Now, Jason's younger brother, Jimmy Berks, must awaken his half-man/half-vampire brother and deal with the wrath of the bloodsuckers... this time with the help of some friends. Led by ex-hockey star and crazed psychopath J-Mack, Berks and a vampire-killing posse load their shotguns, sharpen their stakes, and wait for the sun to go down so they can finally send these monsters back to hell.
283 ::: "Boogie-woogie 47" (1980) ::: drama ::: En 1947, plusieurs familles de Montréal passent l'été dans leur chalet de Pointe-Calumet, un lieu de villégiature situé au coeur des terres agricoles. Les femmes y passent la semaine sans leur mari et observent la vie des paysans, des maraîchers et des commerçants de la région. Au rythme du boogie-woogie, les jeunes adultes vivent heureux et s'amusent franchement, sans trop se soucier des contraintes d'une époque aux valeurs rigides. Au cours de leurs soirées dansantes, ils s'enivrent de musique et nouent des idylles. De leur côté, les adultes s'inquičtent devant les signes avant-coureurs d'une vague de liberté qui va bientôt déferler sur tout le continent.
284 ::: Ichiban utsukushiku (1944) ::: drama ::: During World War II, the management of a war industry of optical instruments for weapons requests an effort from the workers to increase the productivity during four months. The target for male workers is an increase of 100% of the production, but the female workers, led by the dedicated Tsuru Watanabe, ask the direction to surpass their goal from 50% to 70%. During the period, the women have to overcome illness and their personal problems to complete their quota. The stories of several young women who work in a 'precision optical instruments' factory during the second World War. Despite illness, injury, and tremendous personal hardship, the women persevere in their tasks, devoted to their work and their country's cause.
285 ::: The Case of Lena Smith (1929) ::: drama ::: In late 19th century Vienna, Lena Smith, a naive peasant girl from Hungary, has a child by a corrupt young cavalry officer, and goes to work his house as a servant, hiding the truth from his unsympathetic father, while the son returns to his profligate ways. Robbed of her child first when he is a baby, and later when they are separated by the war, she suffers imprisonment, contempt, and shame in order to protect the child.
286 ::: Paranoia (2012/III) ::: thriller ::: Paranoia is a classic whodunit. An ambitious detective, Ben (James Ray) investigates the murder of his wife's best friend's husband (Shane Dean). His wife's best friend, Alaina (Katherine Stewart) holds the key to the mystery but she struggles with reality and imagination. Her condition is brought about by experimental drugs from her infertility treatment program. Horror scream queen Tiffany Shepis plays the detective's wife. USA, color, 87 minutes.
287 ::: The Gentle Trap (1960) ::: crime ::: On his first burglary, a locksmith finds himself on the run after his accomplice is run down by another band of thugs after the haul. Realising that his girlfriend has double-crossed him for a seedy nightclub owner, the lad ends up with the loot in a flat above a clip joint hiding out from both police and crooks. But the girls living there seem about as trustworthy as his own bird turned out to be.
288 ::: Soft Shoes (1925) ::: drama ::: Small-town sheriff Pat Halahan, goes to see the sights in San Francisco, where he captures a pretty burglar, Faith O'Day, when she attempts to rob his room. Pat talks to Faith, and she agrees to give up her life of crime. Pat then takes it upon himself to return a brooch Faith has stolen that same evening. He is detected while putting it back in a jewelry case in a woman's boudoir, and detectives follow him back to the hotel. Faith pretends that she is his wife, telling the detectives that they have been together the entire evening. Faith later escapes from Pat, and he follows her to her home, where he meets Quig Mundy, a gangster. In order to ingratiate himself with Mundy, Pat impersonates The Chicago Kid, a gangster, and joins Mundy's gang. Pat tips off the police, but when the real Chicago Kid shows up, Pat is beaten and locked in a cellar. The police free Pat, and he goes to Faith's house, where he saves her from Mundy, who is shot by a mysterious Chinese undercover agent working for the San Francisco police.
289 ::: L'ultimo killer (1967) ::: western ::: Ramon's parents are killed by men of landowner John Barrett. While trying to get revenge, Ramon is wounded but has saved the life of Rezza, an old disillusioned killer. While nursing his wounds, the men become reluctanfriends and Rezza teaches Ramon the art of shooting, surviving and the loneliness a killer has to bear. Ramon becomes threat for Barrett, the landowner engages Rezza to kill Ramon.
290 ::: Flames of God (2014) ::: documentary ::: Muzafer Bislim comes up with some of his most insightful songs while sitting on the floor, recording lyrics into a cassette recorder bought at a flea market. A poet and songwriter who collaborates with the biggest names in Romani music, the 54-year old lives a life of modest means with his family in Shutka, Macedonia. Stored in the corner of his one-room house is a tottering, ceiling-high stack of handwritten, 25,000-word, multi-dialect dictionary of the oldest and most obscure words in the Romani language, which he has painstakingly collected over 35 years. When he's invited to the International Biennial of Poets held in Paris, he sees the trip as an opportunity to have his dictionary published. A testament to the endurance of a people who have been scattered across Europe, the dictionary is not only a work of art but also a rare link to a divided past. Punctuated by Bislim's poetry and original songs, some of which we hear at the moment of their creation, Flames of God immerses the viewer in the literary and musical traditions that this extraordinary artist is committed to preserving.
291 ::: Kong shou dao shao nu zu (2003) ::: action ::: Four fearless and intrepid girls get selected by a recording company to undergo martial arts training in China to prepare themselves as a pop group. However, they are forced to disband one year later after their recording company goes under. Will these girls have the courage to stand up against all odds to fight for what they really believe in?
292 ::: Lift (1997) ::: sci-fi ::: Young pizza delivery man Larry wanders through the desert waiting for the aliens to land - he believes in everything he hears and does anything anyone tells him.
293 ::: Black Snake (1973) ::: thriller ::: In 1835, the San Cristobal Island located somewhere in the British West Indies is ruled by sadistic beauty, Lady Susan Walker, who forces the local men to join the black slaves on her sugar cane plantation and either work or die. She's always dressed in black and never lets go of her whip, the black snake. Her latest husband has gone missing making her a real black widow. Her right hand man, impotent, racist and violent Joxer Tierney, is in command of the slaves and he makes sure that they hate him even more than they do her. Young slave Joshua plans a revolt, but his religious father Isaiah is terrified of what might happen if the revolt fails. Sir Charles Walker, the brother of Susan's late husband, goes undercover as Ronald Sopwith to investigate what really happened to his brother. She hires him as the plantation accountant, gives him a black sex slave named Cleone and eventually tries to seduce him. Her sadistic gay assistant may no more about Charles' brother's fate.
294 ::: Wheeler (1975) ::: horror ::: A drifter/hitman is hired by a local business man to kidnap the local oil baron. The hitman had been reared in squalor, suffering the abuses of his whoring mama. When the baron escapes his assistant must chase him while the hitman takes care of a few loose ends.
295 ::: Funeralii fericite (2013) ::: comedy ::: Three heavy boozers - a Romanian (Horatiu Malaele), a Russian (Igor Caras-Romanov) and a Bulgarian (Mihai Gruia Sandu) - are tripling away their... happiness, into vodka, at "The Happy Immigrant", a joint kept by a Turk. The fauna of this venue is made up out of the Babel Tower's survivors: immigrants who had chosen Romania, as a country where everything is possible. The predictions included... A police raid chases away the pub's barflies. The three professional boozers stop from running just in front of a fortune teller expert in a niche field: death prediction. The rest is entertainment! Although we are all indebted to one death, some refuse to pay this debt. They don't want to die when it was written for them. Or just predicted...
296 ::: Jewish American Soldiers: Stories from WWII (2017) ::: documentary ::: Jewish American Soldiers: Stories from WWII tells the stories of 12 Jewish American veterans from the Charlotte, NC, area. They were fighting a war on three fronts: against the Nazis, against the Japanese, and against anti-Semitism in their own ranks by their fellow troops. The lion's share of these "Greatest Generation" veterans are from outside the area, but their WWII experience gave them the courage and opened them up to move to a "foreign" land: the South.
297 ::: A Life to Love (????) ::: drama ::: When Janie is forced to leave her home at the young age of 10-years, she must now get used to life in the Midwest. After she loses her mother to suicide, she keeps a secret pain locked within her heart and soul. A secret is revealed that threatens to destroy her friendship with her best friend. She must decide which path to take, and a decision has to be made. Her faith in God takes a hit as this damaged soul falls further into a dark abyss. A Life to Love is a beautiful story about hope and faith. A story that reminds us all that with God, anything is possible.
298 ::: Libya Hurra (2012) ::: documentary ::: A road trip through Libya during the last weeks of the revolution against Muammar al-Gaddafi's regime. Libya Hurra documents a collective mood characterizing people in one particular place in a narrow time window. Without losing itself in facts and statements, the film outlines realities of life in long sequence takes shot during an armed revolution, which usually - even from a country in the focus of media reporting - remains completely hidden. At the end of Libya Hurra, the filmmaker stands in front of Gaddafi's former palace. The revolution is over and the time window closed again.
299 ::: Remake (2006/II) ::: short ::: Steven and Deb are forced to spend the night in a run down Motel after their car breaks down. After several failed attempts at lightening the mood, Steven goes to check out the movie collection in reception. He is greeted by two creepy fellows who thrust some tapes upon him. Returning to the room, they soon realise that the movies they are watching are not the original versions, but remakes made by the motel staff. Under the insistence of Deb, Steven tries in vain to get hold of a 'normal' video, but due to his non-confrontational nature fails and returns with yet another remake. With everything that has occurred, Deb finally loses it and storms into reception to give them a piece of her mind before storming out again. Embarrassed and ashamed, Steven allows the staff to give him one last tape...
300 ::: What Do You Think of the Programme So Far? (1992) ::: music ::: Jim Bob and Fruitbat reminisce about the early years at the 1992 Glastonbury Festival. Featured are music videos for the songs "Rubbish", "Bloodsport For All", "Sheriff Fatman", "Say It With Flowers", "The Only Living Boy In New Cross", "Do Re Me So Far So Good" and "While You Were Out".
301 ::: Zwei im Frack (2001) ::: short ::: After nine years of tap dancing in a small nightclub, the brothers Franz and Heinz lose their jobs. Lacking significant funds, they are forced to move out of their apartment possessing only the tuxedos on their backs. Due to their exquisite attire the brothers are mistaken by others as being pall-bearers, godfathers from the United States, waiters and wedding guests. The brothers stroll through an absurd universe encountering awkward, funny and somewhat grotesque situations. Overnight, two elderly tap-dancers become unemployed and homeless. All that remains is the timeless tuxedo - and that gets them into some weird and wonderful situations. A tragic-comedy about two outsiders in a social fabric governed by accepted rules and rituals.
302 ::: The Knocumentary (2005) ::: documentary ::: THE WESTCOAST IS NOW MAKING A HUGE COMEBACK BUT THE WEST WASN'T ALWAYS WON..... THE RAW UNDERGROUND HIP-HOP SCENE IS UNCOVERED TAKING AN IN DEPTH LOOK INTO THE WORLD BEHIND THE MUSIC, TOUCHING ON TOPICS CONCERNING THE DECLINE OF RECORD SALES, HOW 2PAC'S DEATH HAD A MASSIVE IMPACT ON THE WEST COAST, AND HOW THE EAST COAST USED OUR SLANG AND IDEAS TO BOOST THEIR SALES. SEE THE REALITY OF THE RAP GAME WITH SOME OF THE WESTCOAST'S RAP PIONEERS. HEAR THEIR OPINIONS IN THEIR OWN WORDS AND THROUGH THEIR MUSIC. FEATURING EXCLUSIVE INTERVIEWS FROM THE ARTISTS THEMSELVES INCLUDING STAGE SHOWS, STUDIO SESSIONS, SIDESHOW FOOTAGE AND A "KNOCKIN" SOUNDTRACK THAT BRINGS THE VISION TO LIGHT. FEATURING: YUKMOUTH, SPICE 1, KEAK THA SNEAK, KURUPT KONTAC, LIL CONER, SEAN T, MR.KEE, R.B.L POSSE SINATRA, ASSASSIN, BALANCE, DEEBO, TURF TALK, SAN QUINN, MARVALESS, THE DELINQUENTS, M.S.B RAPPIN 4-TAY, J.T. THA BIGGA FIGGA, M-DASH, 2-1-1, LOCK SMITH OF THE FRONTLINE, SANDMAN, LIL RUBE SAVAGE LIFE, BIG LUGO, GORILLA PITS, 3 WAY FUNK, JENRO, NASTY NATE, CZAR, PLAYA RAE, M-DASH & MORE
303 ::: God's Not Dead (2014) ::: drama ::: Freshman university student Josh Wheaton attends a philosophy class, where the uncompromising Professor Radisson requires all students to submit a signed statement that the "God is dead" and never existed. When Josh refuses due to his own Christian beliefs, the Professor challenges him to defend his position that his god, Yahweh, is real, leading to a series of confrontational presentations between himself and the professor, with the class as jury. Josh's plans to go to law school depend on not failing this class. Josh's girlfriend urges him not to throw away his future with this pointless act of defiance. At the same time, Pastor Dave and African missionary Jude attempt to leave town on a trip, but are hindered by comical accidents. Student Ayisha is at odds with her father's conservative religious principles. Businessman Mark acts cynically towards his mentally ill mother, while his journalist girlfriend receives bad news from a doctor.
304 ::: Deool Band (2015) ::: drama ::: Dr. Raghav Shastri, Indian by origin, is NASA's youngest scientist. He returns to his motherland, only to find out that his country is full of god worshippers. However, Raghav is not one of them. He challenges the existence of god and orders the locality to shut the temple within the premises. But in a twist of fate, god himself descends and questions the atheist. Will Raghav finally believe in god?
305 ::: The Living (2016) ::: thriller ::: In the vein of "Rosemary's Baby," "The Living" follows a couple recovering from a miscarriage as they start over in a new house. He doesn't tell her the previous owners were murdered, and she hides trying to get pregnant despite doctor's warnings. Their lives take a horrifying turn as they struggle with their lies.
306 ::: "Cassandra French's Finishing School for Boys" (2012) ::: comedy ::: Cassandra French is a 22-year-old overachiever who gets her dream job at a Hollywood studio but can't find a guy ready for a mature relationship. After the latest disappointment, she locks the guy up in her basement and trains him to become the perfect gentleman.
307 ::: Les besoins de la chair (1984) ::: adult ::: Dominique Saint. Claire appears to be married to Jacky Arnal. After making love she goes for a walk and meets Christophe in the woods repairing his bike. He gives her a lift on his handlebars back to a large house, where previously we had seen an unidentifed brunette, playing Aunt Annie, giving head to an unidentified young man in a laundry room, who plays Jacques. Dominique and Christophe have sex in the garage and then go inside, where a blonde is cavorting in front of Marie-Christine Chireix, Aunt Annie, Jean-Pierre Armand and an unidentified younger male. The assembled cast have sex in various rooms of the house in various combinations, though Marie-Christine joins in only near the end. Meanwhile Jacky Arnal is wondering where his wife is and goes to look for her. by this time she has left the orgy. He finds her walking home, drives her back, and they have sex again.
308 ::: El vicari d'Olot (1981) ::: comedy ::: In a small village in the heart of Catalonia, advantage is made of the holiday visit of an ecclesiastical authority to organize a series of talks on the subject of religion and sex in the present day. This splits the village into two warring sides, those for and those against the Congress, and it is only after a tense series of negotiations between the two sides that a consensus is reached. An array of local characters lead the story to its happy ending through a series of comical and satirical situations.
309 ::: Dante and Minnie (2012) ::: drama ::: Dante and Minnie is the story of two young homeless people. Minnie is trying to escape life on the streets, while Dante is trying to escape the real world by retreating to the streets. They fell in love as their paths crossed, but now they struggle as they each try to push the other in the direction they are headed.
310 ::: Tere Bin Laden Dead or Alive (2016) ::: comedy ::: A common man who happens to look like Osama Bin Laden is noticed by a man from the American Government and plans to film the capture of Bin Laden. A film director (Manish Paul) helps making the Bin Laden film but their film making is encountered to many problems including the man playing Bin Laden being a complete lunatic. Will the government of the United States be able to show the world how they really caught the man himself?
311 ::: Rain, Rain (2009) ::: short ::: One forgotten afternoon, a whip-smart troublemaker discovers a family secret & unleashes her imagination on her parents' perfect little house. Ginny Nallion's trapped inside by a rainy day. She goes looking for something to do, winds up nearly destroying her house, all in the name of a little fun.
312 ::: Life's Greatest Question (1921) ::: drama ::: Moving Picture World, 19 August 1922. John Carver looked through the window of a little church in the North woods and saw the woman who had once been his own being made the wife of Julio Cumberland, the most prosperous citizen in the village. He is pursued by Private Dick Osborne, of the Royal Northwest Mounted Police, the lover of Nan's new stepdaughter, who recognizes the uninvited guest and knows Nan's story. Julio regards the conferences of his bride and Dick with jealous suspicion, and while spied upon by the criminal, attacks the officer, leaving him unconscious. Later the bride is found dead, and suspicion points to the officer as her murderer. John is captured and admits his guilt only when Dorothy prevails upon him to save the happiness of herself and the officer by confessing the crime. - Moving Picture World, 19 August 1922.
313 ::: Untitled Grunge/Seattle Rock Documentary (????) ::: music ::: The Seattle Grunge music scene changed everything as we knew it when one fateful day Sub -Pop Records decided to begin releasing a new type of music on it's independent label. Slowly from 1989 to 1994 the entire world was changed. Politics began to get more attention, Rock The Vote came into Genx's life and influenced an entire government, socio-economical and even department store clothing lines reflected the nations need for Grunge and the Seattle Scene. But who were the people behind the bands, behind that music and the Grunge scene that took the entire world and upended it's presidents, politics, economy, attitude toward authority and disaffected youth rising up against war and bad choices made for them by their country. This is the story of how Seattle Music changed the world, and who the real influential people behind the Seattle scene are.
314 ::: Church People (2014) ::: short ::: Hypocrisy is a funny-looking work and behavior, but as a young boy, David (Dylan Rowen), learns, it's not a laughing matter. Sunday morning begins as usual for David and his family as they prepare for church. However, when something out of the ordinary catches his attention, his perspective will be changed for the rest of his life.
315 ::: A Reel Man (2005) ::: documentary ::: "A Reel Man" is a profile of Skip Elsheimer, a Raleigh, North Carolina resident who collects educational films. Skip started collecting these 16mm films many years ago, and he now has almost 17,000, crammed into almost every room in his house. His archive - one of the biggest of its kind in the United States - includes films from the 1940s, '50s, '60s, '70s and '80s on every conceivable instructional topic - sex education, personal hygiene, public safety, driver's ed, occupational training, the dangers of drugs and alcohol, religion, patriotism, how to be popular, etc. I was attracted to Skip because I find compelling his genuine affection for these "orphan" films, his obsession for collecting, categorizing and preserving them, and his passion for sharing them with the public at his A/V Geeks shows. The films in Skip's archive are campy, amusing and not a little propagandistic, but they're also valuable, fascinating time capsules that reflect America's social attitudes and cultural values throughout the last half-century.
316 ::: Terug naar de kust (2009) ::: thriller ::: Single mother Maria starts to receive anonymous death threats. Together with her children, she flees to her former parental home, where her older sister Ans now lives. During those cold winter days in the secluded seaside house she is confronted with her traumatic childhood memories. But as the people close to her begin to question her state of mind, her assailant closes in.
317 ::: Ford Models New Faces with Jack Page/Julia Covert (2016) ::: short ::: A promotional short film showcasing two potential young models from Ford Models. The tall, dark, and handsome Jack Page and the beautiful statuesque Julia Covert. Both of whom give their own glamour shots for this short film. Both of them have a possible chance at making it big in modeling and fashion.
318 ::: Ft. Knox & the USS Washington (2002) ::: documentary ::: The USS Washington is a nuclear carrier the length of four football fields that holds 5,000 personnel. Discover how its mission of defense has changed since the events of 9/11. At Ft. Knox, see the vault that holds $3 trillion dollars of pure gold.
319 ::: Bacterium (2006) ::: horror ::: When a handful of friends stumble upon the abandoned building, they come face to face with a biological weapons experiment gone catastrophically wrong. They also confront a maniacal scientist who predicts life on Earth will end in 48 hours if the accelerated bacterial mutation cannot be halted. As the virulent, flesh-hungry contagion spreads from person to person, rendering each host into a pile of infectious ooze, it begins to multiply and increase in size. A covert military force sent in to contain the spread and destroy the organism discovers the extent of the slithering mutation, but by then it's far too late for conventional tactics. Extreme measures are required if anyone is left standing in one solid piece to do battle.
320 ::: "The Gift" (1997) ::: family ::: The Gift is passed on from one person to the next and this series is just based on the funny and ridiculous things that happen to Henry and Ralf because of it. Enzo and Leo have to follow the gift and do whatever the person with the gift tells them to do. When the gift carrier discovers the gifts true potential they have to pass it on to someone else.
321 ::: "The Listen Project" (2010) ::: documentary ::: The LISTEN Project records music and storytelling in it's most purest and natural form. Imagine a time capsule being opened 1000 years from now. The LISTEN Project will create a library of sounds and visuals that will stand the test of time, and show those future historians the soul of our collective culture.
322 ::: Momentum: Diplo (2015) ::: short ::: Superstar DJ Thomas Wesley Pentz makes 300 appearances a year in the guise of Diplo or Major Lazer. The 33-year-old American is also in demand as a music producer. As an artist highly regarded by everyone from Beyoncé to Chris Brown, he sums up his crazy output by saying, 'I always have to make stuff'. Diplo is currently on a tour to Rio de Janeiro, where his meteoric career began. He shows us around his world, in the limelight and behind the scenes.
323 ::: Eddie: Strongman (2015) ::: documentary ::: Truck mechanic, husband and father of two, Eddie Hall wants to be the World's Strongest Man. This feature documentary vividly illustrates the sacrifices that this extremely driven man must make to chase his dream. He will stop at nothing. He trains, eats, sleeps and breathes strongman, competing all over the world and breaking records. He faces not only gargantuan competitors, but his own inner demons as he strives to leave behind the scars of his teenage years. This film gets under the skin of a man totally dedicated to becoming the greatest and offers an engrossing snapshot of an unforgettable character, Eddie - Strongman.
324 ::: Candid Sex (2004) ::: drama ::: Kayla and Alexis cohost a TV talk show called "The Naked Truth". They sit in front of the camera in lingerie while viewers call in and share their erotic adventures (which are illustrated with softcore clips). When Kayla catches Alexis with her current crush (the show's producer) before the show begins, she gets upset and decides to stir the pot by changing the theme of that nights show to infidelity, and by having sex with other cast and crew members during the shooting breaks and after the show.
325 ::: "Beef Baloney" (2003) ::: comedy ::: Beef Baloney is a comedy variety show for the Midwest United States. The artsy format is very edgy as its demographic is very broad. This show maintains its fun, high-energy, fast cut style and absurd content for the entire half hour. Beef Baloney is in and out before you know it, leaving its audience thirsting the next episode.
326 ::: Underground Poets Railroad (2003) ::: documentary ::: "Underground Poets Railroad" is equal parts concert film of performances at universities, churches, fire stations and national monuments across the country; road trip documentary; and, ultimately, a tribute to the 12 black firefighters who gave their lives on September 11. Six of the nations brightest spoken word artists came together in New Orleans on September 2, to begin a life transforming journey to New York City for the memorial anniversary of September 11.
327 ::: Aarekti Premer Golpo (2010) ::: drama ::: The movie is about a Delhi base trans gender documentary filmmaker Abhiroop Sen and his bisexual lover cinematographer. They wanted to make a documentary on the life of famous "Jatra" actor "Chapal Bhaduri" But doing so Sen recognized that his life resemble Chapal's life. The movie revolves around the trauma, the pressure,the setbacks, heartache and several situations faced by trans gender.
328 ::: Angelos Epithemiou and Friends (2011) ::: comedy ::: HELLO EVERYBODY. Now then as some of you might know, I was made to go off round the country this year and do a show to loads of people. I went everywhere, up north, down south and I even had to go to Scotland. If I'd have had my way I wouldn't have gone, I'd have stayed at home with my feet up watching Dragons Den with a box of Magnums. So in the end what happened was, I got to this one place in Digbeth, and they've got a load of video cameras there and they say right we're gonna film this. So they did and this is what you've got, the video of it, so have a look at it and see what you think.
329 ::: Two Stories Up (2011) ::: short ::: While going about his daily routine, Jason, a socially awkward man, accidentally learns that he can get the attention of the neighborhood by dropping things from his apartment window. When Natalie, the delivery girl for Tons O' Stuff, takes notice, a friendship begins to form two stories up that challenges them to see each other as more then just their appearances.
330 ::: "Just a Few Drinks" (2014) ::: biography ::: Four young people tell how an evening of drinking alcohol led to a sequence of events that changed their lives. At the time, they all set out just wanting to have a good time, but after their experience with alcohol their attitude to drinking has changed significantly. The science of how alcohol affects the body is explored through four real life stories, highlighting how behaviour can change dramatically as a result of drinking.
331 ::: Cutback (2010) ::: drama ::: High School senior Luke Harris (Justin Schwan) dreams of just one thing... pro surfing. With his best friend Casey (Angel Cruz) at his side, they have two goals: surf and party! But Luke's Mom (Raquel Gardner) and especially Dad (Greg Carlson) have other ideas: pick a college and grow up! When Luke learns that a spot is opening up on the local surf team, he see's his big chance to prove to his parents that he can make it as a surfer and avoid being shipped off to school. Only two things stand in Luke's way: new-surfer-in-town Matt (Andy Shephard) who has his own eyes set on the surf team opening, and his Dad, who insists he give up his surfing dreams and get an education. When a devastating tragedy strikes, Luke is forced to take a hard look at his life and with the help of beautiful "church-girl" Emily (Kelsey Sanders) and his Youth Pastor (Danny Smith), he learns that there's much more to life than riding waves.
332 ::: Moksh Marg: The Road to Wisdom (2016) ::: documentary ::: India is synonymous to wisdom but all of it is in its glorious past, not the present. A visit to the 'Moksha-Points of the World' in Bihar which has Nalanda (ruins of the World's greatest International University of Spirituality), Bodh-Gaya (the place where Gautam Buddha received his enlightenment under the Boodhi tree), Pawapuri (the place where Lord Mahavir, the founder of the non-violent Jains, gave his last sermon and left his mortal body), Rajgir (that place of the Mahabharat times where God's Avatar Krishna came to release all the kings of the world being imprisoned by Emperor Jarasandh and gave them enlightenment to lead a life dedicated to humanity as a ruler) and the ancient 'soul-enlightenment' places of Indian traditional-culture: Gaya, where there is a foot-mark of the restorer of world, the Almighty God Vishnu: the place where souls after leaving their mortal bodies gets entry to the abodes of peace by their blood-relatives (pind-daan).
333 ::: The Leviathan (2015) ::: short ::: 'The Leviathan' serves as a parable of the inner-struggle of identity between the conscious and the unconscious-self lurking within the fathomless of depths of the abyss of the sea of the subconscious. Hidden, powerful yet ever present this deep dark presence churns the salty brine of our deepest and darkest thoughts; rippling unbidden to the glassy surface of the waking mind. Juxtaposed with monochromatic garments, and set against the unforgiving landscape of Melbourne's Black Rock Beach, this visually moody tale plays out the silent war between the inner-self.
334 ::: The Viking Maid (2008) ::: documentary ::: Despite record salmon runs in the state of Alaska, wild Salmon fishermen struggle to stay afloat in the flooded salmon markets of the world. This documentary is a journey aboard an Alaskan salmon seining vessel, exploring the lifestyle and adventure of a dying breed of men, the last of hunters and gatherers who dare to take on mother nature to earn a living. Journey aboard the Viking Maid, atop the erratic seas of Southeast Alaska, and find out why you should always ask, "is this salmon farmed or wild?"
335 ::: The American Film Institute Presents a Salute to William Wyler (1976) ::: documentary ::: In 1976, William Wyler became the fourth recipient of the American Film Institute's Lifetime Achievement Award, following John Ford, James Cagney and Orson Welles. The winner of three Best Director Academy Awards (and a record twelve nominations), Wyler has directed more Oscar-winning performances than any other director: Walter Brennan (twice), Bette Davis, Fay Bainter, Greer Garson, Teresa Wright, Fredric March, Harold Russell, Olivia de Havilland, Audrey Hepburn, Burl Ives, Charlton Heston, Hugh Griffith and Barbra Streisand. Among the film luminaries who pay tribute to Wyler are Audrey Hepburn, Gregory Peck, Myrna Loy, Henry Fonda, James Stewart, Barbra Streisand, Charlton Heston, Eddie Albert, Merle Oberon, Walter Pidgeon, Greer Garson and Harold Russell. Film clips include: "The Best Years of Our Lives," "Roman Holiday," "Ben-Hur," "Mrs. Miniver," "Funny Girl," "Wuthering Heights," and "The Heiress." Conspicously absent from the tribute is Bette Davis ("Jezebel," "The Letter," "The Little Foxes"), perhaps Wyler's greatest success.
336 ::: T.V.: The Movie (2008) ::: comedy ::: To save their home from foreclosure, two TV producers (Oscar and Brett) bet on races, plan a robbery, and consult with the mob. Framed through a behind the scenes look at community television, eight film school grads, a small time mob boss, and a full-time Muppet desperately try to save their home and their way of life by making "TV: the Movie". Fusing documentary footage with fictional scenes, "TV: the Movie" invites its viewers on a deconstructive journey through reality and illusion.
337 ::: "Kirstie Alley's Big Life" (2010) ::: reality-tv ::: Kirstie Alley leads a pretty interesting life. She was a Romulan-Vulcan officer in "Star Trek II," a sexy Emmy-winner as Rebecca Howe in "Cheers," the star of blockbuster films "Look Who's Talking" and "Drop Dead Gorgeous" and of course, her star turns in "Veronica's Closet" and "Fat Actress." For three decades Kirstie has been making headlines and staying in the forefront of the American conscience. Now, she's granting her fans unprecedented access inside her life...and what a life it is.
338 ::: Chestnut Records (2013) ::: comedy ::: Chestnut Records was sitting pretty when 2012 rolled around. Their main artist - Danny Alamo - was fresh from the Betty Ford Clinic and ready to begin his sold-out national tour, "Danny From The Rock". However, during sound check on the opening night of the tour in Sydney, he disappeared. It would be 6 weeks before he re-emerged back at the label office's front doors, just as drug and alcohol-affected as before. As a result, the label suffered heavily, both financially and reputably with some of their signed artists moving on to other labels. As Danny was now indisputably unemployable, along with the fact he was the only remaining successful and well-known artist signed with Chestnut, it was decided that he would be kept on and given a second chance, a decision which could breathe new life into the label, or completely destroy it forever. The Chestnut Records Series details the day-to-day happenings of the various characters which make up the label, their relationships, their conflicts, their unified goal of making Chestnut the label it needs to be, and making Danny the artist he needs to be. Chestnut Records is set in Sydney, Australia.
339 ::: Vying for Perfection (2011) ::: drama ::: Living in the superficial world humans have created for themselves, five particularly vain city women, struggle daily trying to find perfection. After searching for perfection, each woman runs into a large life altering road block, and a consequential decision needs to be made. We follow their journey's as we learn that sometimes creating the perfect life means creating the perfect lie.
340 ::: Devil Within (2016) ::: thriller ::: David Hayes, dealing with a tragic loss, moves with his wife Lucy to help them be a family once again and let go of the past. They soon find that the pain of the past cannot be so easily forgotten as darkness can rise from anyone, anywhere, or anything.
341 ::: No Man's Land (2018) ::: horror ::: Fates collide in this gritty supernatural horror film set in the wild west. In the Cimarron Territory, violence and vice reign supreme. It may be no place for a woman on her own, but bounty hunter Ree Cutter was raised on dust and bullets. When the youngest son of the notorious Kilburn Clan earns a price on his head, Cutter hunts him down to drag him to justice. But a vicious predator descends on her isolated ranch, leaving little hope for escape. Unable to trust anyone as far as she can spit, Cutter must find a way to work with "The Butcher" in order to survive the night.
342 ::: The Turing Enigma (2011) ::: thriller ::: A missing message from rogue mathematician Alan Turing surfaces as part of the celebrations for his 100th birthday... in code it provides the key to a century old puzzle that if solved will bestow academic immortality - and crash the world into chaos.
343 ::: Wasteland Wars (2017) ::: adventure ::: Guide our hero, Brimstone - in an epic quest across the Wasteland in search of rogue Weepers! Avoid impending doom on your journey as you drive Brim throughout the deepest, darkest route Hell has to offer! Control the "Main Man from the Wasteland" in an all out firefight against demons, creatures and competing Borderhound units straight from the hit comic book, "Brimstone and The Borderhounds."
344 ::: With Intent (1997) ::: comedy ::: A sly look at the performance poetry slam With Intent based at The Marquee Café in Soho. With its irreverent performances and Mad Hatter's tea party pieces of free jazz, beat poetry, comedy and performance art this film casts a light on a regular night of the underground performance circuit in London.
345 ::: Brushing Teeth in Undies: The Best of Liv Films (2008) ::: comedy ::: Millions of Internet fans have already discovered Liv Films' hilarious brand of sketch comedy, in which everything from Fad Diets to Sex Tapes to Gay Marriage are given a uniquely irreverent, twist. 27 sketches, including "uncensored" bonus footage, new, never-before-seen material, The Best of Liv Films promises to take comedy to new highs... and lows. This DVD will have you laughing your ass off!
346 ::: Shoot the Freak (2012) ::: short ::: Through the Freak's musings, this film chronicles the last days of the iconic and abrasive Coney Island attraction Shoot the Freak. Remaining in masked anonymity, the nihilistic teen indulges in drug-induced daydreams of violence and oceanic abandon. Weaving the fictional with the documentary and the actual with the virtual, Shoot the Freak is a timely, unsentimental memorialisation of a bygone era. Through the Freak's musings, this film chronicles the last days of the iconic and abrasive Coney Island attraction Shoot the Freak. Remaining in masked anonymity, the nihilistic teen indulges in drug-induced daydreams of violence and oceanic abandon.
347 ::: Filmic Achievement (2005) ::: comedy ::: A "This is Spinal Tap" for the world of film schools, this mockumentary follows the careers of 7 film school students from their first day of film class at UNY (whose graduates work "here to Kentucky.")until one is chosen as the winner of the school's Filmic Achievement Award. We meet Delvo Christian, who desperately wishes hew were French and has 400.000 feet of undeveloped film 'gestating" in grocery bags in his apartment. In his mother's basement we meet Mike Pack who worships Quentin Tarantino but whose mother may be the real director in the family. Those are just 2 of the students overseen by by faculty like Buck Felty, who becomes a little too excited by his students' film pitches, and Selway Cascade who insists that she left her ego back in her apartment and who listens to student input because, well, she is obligated to. The stereotypes are drawn broadly and the situations are absurd yet the characters and script are [frighteningly] believable. WORLD PREMIERE 29th Annual Cleveland International Film Festival.
348 ::: "Walk in My Shoez" (2015) ::: talk-show ::: "Walk in my Shoez' is a student-run University panel show which highlights social justice issues relevant to the youths of Australia. The series focuses on a variety of organisations and individuals who focus their work on positive projects and initiatives, particularly located in Victoria that help disadvantaged youths become a part of the community.
349 ::: Making Oobleck (2016) ::: comedy ::: Whitney loves making slime! So, it's time to see what "oobleck" is all about. Combining cornstarch with water is all you need to make oobleck, and some food coloring is you feel like getting crazy. Seems there is a primal need to punch the stuff.
350 ::: Solitude (2001/II) ::: short ::: Solitude is the story of Marguerite, a middle-age widow, who is overcome by despair and loneliness as the Holidays grow near. Marie, a youthful double, suddenly appears in her life and provides a whole new meaning to her solitary existence...
351 ::: Anthropophobia (2008) ::: short ::: Jim is a notoriously anti-social suburban teenager. When he ventures out on a lone walk down to a local creek, Jim drops his watch in the filth-ridden water. After arachnophobia prevents him from retrieving his watch, Jim finds himself reluctantly and awkwardly interacting with another person to get it back. At home, Jim prepares for a couple hours alone with his parents out of the house- closing the window shades and heating up some microwaveable soup. After some mysterious phone calls from seemingly malicious strangers, Jim has a fear-induced panic attack and begins to drift away from reality. When Jim lets loose his fear, he severs all connection with the outside world and secures his own unfortunate fate.
352 ::: Owens Corning: A History (2013) ::: documentary ::: Owens Corning began as a research operation of Owens Illinois and Corning Glass. The companies were seeking new glass products in order to bolster sagging sales during prohibition and the Great Depression. R. Games Slayter helped discover fiberglass. Fiberglass would revolutionize the building industry, energy conservation and transportation.
353 ::: Broken (2011/IV) ::: drama ::: When Adam is 8, he gets hit by a car, suffers brain trauma, one arm and leg will always be weaker than the other and he has a pronounced limp. During this time his parents get divorced and he grows up with his mother, Karen. Now Adam is 17, a senior and attending a new school. Jackie, a pretty girl, is nice to him and some of the popular kids, Ethan, follow her lead and treat Adam pretty well. Their old friend JA=ames, however, stirs up trouble. James continually picks on Adam, and the two keep getting into trouble at school for fighting. One day a speech competition is announced. Adam wins it, does his speech but gets into another fight with James and the two get expelled. Adam plummets in depression but writes a book and gets it published. Years later his book is this story.
354 ::: Jeannie (1998) ::: adult ::: Jeannie the devoted genie wants her master Tony to work less and relax more but her idea to transport him to a holiday location only gets them both into trouble. Then her sister Carmen decides she wants Tony for herself and make him her slave. So Jeannie turns to advice from her teacher, Rator.
355 ::: Talking to the Trees (2012) ::: drama ::: Mia, a successful Paris-based photographer, bored by her comfortable, Middle-class existence, flies to Cambodia to surprise her businessman husband, Xavier, with plans of convincing him to start the family with her that she has always wanted. But her hope for a romantic rendezvous is dashed when she spies her husband in a brothel having sex with an eleven year-old girl named Srey. Mia, her world turned completely upside down, resolves to rescue Srey and return her to the remote village from where she was abducted. Mia strikes a repulsive bargain with Sanan, the brothel owner, and sacrifices her own body to a high-powered government official in order to liberate the little girl. She and Srey then embark on the long journey home. However, Mia discovers that Srey has stowed away Daa and Malin, two other young escapees from the brothel. They had also stolen money from Sanan and Mia realizes that they, too, will be hunted down. Torn by the sudden additional responsibility, Mia reluctantly agrees to help all three children return to their separate villages spread across the Cambodian jungle. Under constant threat from their pursuers, Mia and the girls embark on a perilous escape to freedom and, along the way, are reminded that there is still much to celebrate in life.
356 ::: "Babyfather" (2001) ::: drama ::: Four black men living in London experience the impact of infidelity and unplanned pregnancies in their lives in different ways. Gus is a successful manager of his family's jeweler and is seeing a black single mother but is tempted by a light skin dancing teacher. Linvall is a photographer who is seeing the white daughter of a washed up rock star while helping out his friend with her son. Beres is happily married with a young daughter, but the cracks begin to show. Johnny meanwhile has a wife and a daughter, but has another girlfriend - both are pregnant. The fallout and the secrets in each man's life gradually come to the boil.
357 ::: Sa.TX (2013) ::: drama ::: SA.TX follows the journey of three denizens of the music venue the White Rabbit, as they intersect with their friends, loved ones and sometimes enemies. The characters are forced to decide whether or not the lives they've been living are the ones they want.
358 ::: "Here Comes the Neighbourhood" (2005) ::: documentary ::: Here Comes the Neighbourhood is a light and bright insider's look at multicultural Australia. It's a series about the lives of ordinary ethnic Australian's who enjoy living in a country that allows them the freedom to celebrate their cultural heritage while forging a new life in this wide open land.
359 ::: Amy Winehouse: Girl Done Good: A Documentary Review (2008) ::: documentary ::: Amy Winehouse: The Girl Done Good is a review of her music and career to date. Drawing on rare and classic performances, exclusive interviews, lengthy contributions from friends, colleagues, journalists and experts, and a host of other features, this film is a unique insight into the music, career and life of a cultural icon. In an age when Z-list celebrities garner more media attention than the truly gifted, Amy Winehouse is an anomaly - a woman of such extraordinary flair it beggars belief and a dream for the tabloids, all rolled into one. So while many of her chart-topping contemporaries build here-today-gone-tomorrow 'careers' of little substance, Amy's appeal is genuine, based on talent with a capital T.
360 ::: Cinq tulipes rouges (1949) ::: crime ::: During the Tour de France, five champions, all wearing the yellow jersey, are assassinated. Each time , the murderer leaves a red tulip close to the victim as a signature. Police inspector Ricoul and die hard female sports writer Colonelle will join efforts to unmask the culprit.
361 ::: Taken from Me: The Tiffany Rubin Story (2011) ::: drama ::: This fact-based Lifetime drama follows one mother's (Tiffany Rubin played by Taraji P. Henson) nightmarish struggle to retrieve the 7-year-old son (Kobe played by Drew Davis) her ex-husband whisked out of her life when he abducted the boy and took him back to his native South Korea.
362 ::: Hit (2011/II) ::: drama ::: Baji is a top notch underground fighting director. He knows how to lead and design underground fighting games. Mr. Jang, the owner of the fighting place tempts Baji to pay back his debt in one swoop. To resolve the crisis, Baji makes James, an obnoxious rich guy, bet on the game. Baji gathers his teammates to assist and design the game. The betting designer,tactician, judge, tout, receptionist, fake player etc, the team has finally been composed. Even Baji's ex, Sunnoey, who is one of fighters, shows up to help him and the game has been going well. But when 2 games out of 10 are left, sneaky Mr. Jang and James call Baji and make him fix the games only for them.
363 ::: The Businessman (????) ::: crime ::: They come from everywhere, eyes on the prize, wanting the biggest slice of the American pie... It's 1991 when 20-something BORIS, a refugee from the recently collapsed Soviet Union, arrives with his parents in New York City. He is exactly like every other immigrant - wide-eyed, in culture shock, and overwhelmed by the heady mix of opportunity and obstacle. But even a miserable start in the projects can't stop his ambitious, resourceful young mind. Forging a team with fellow USSR homies ALEX, MARK and GARIK, together they embark on Boris' first scheme: gambling tables on the boardwalk in Brighton Beach, Brooklyn, heart of the Russian community. His successful but short-lived "business venture" is soon busted by the FBI, by SPECIAL AGENT ROBERT LUTSENKO, a first-generation Russian-American. But not before attracting the attention of AGRON, Russian Godfather of Brighton Beach, who offers Boris his protective services. "Consider it a sort of... insurance," he advises. Headstrong, Boris and his cohorts resolve to go their own way. When Boris hatches an even more lucrative idea, it seems that the American dream has finally materialized. But soon after, mysterious and sinister events ensue: beatings, arson, explosions... Boris quickly realizes the brutal truth of Brighton Beach - if not the entire world - that you can't survive without the right allies. So he compromises both his profit margin and his principles and strikes a deal with the Russian mob. Although his high-tech scam takes off like a Sputnik rocket, jealousy (aka MARAT and his thug OLEG) threatens to bring it crashing down. Ever resourceful, Boris finds the solution to his problem in the sorrows of Agent Lutsenko, whose young son has a terminal illness requiring expensive foreign treatment. Boris has the money, Robert the inside information, so the two form a devil's bargain that leads to the destruction of Boris' rivals. From immigrant wunderkind to the Don of Brighton Beach, with all the perks, the dangers, and the responsibilities, Boris has made a speedy transformation. He marries the gorgeous gold- digger RACHEL and travels the world in search of the next, new 'naches'. But in the end, what equals success? What does Boris really have? Junkie friends, a bitch of a wife, snobbish in-laws who despise his roots. But for certain men of business, there is no cure. No matter how many candles they light in church, there is no forgiveness... and it is up to Boris to draw the line. But will he? And what if it is already too late?
364 ::: Sex, Drugs, and Stu (2010) ::: comedy ::: Stu and Rupert like to get high and go to the gym to watch the ladies. But Stu's stoner existence is interrupted when he loses his job and is evicted from his apartment by his Irish mobster landlord. A sexy woman at the gym overhears his problem and takes him in, only he must be 'totally hers'. When Stu discovers she's a cop, things start to get complicated. To make matters worse, Crazy Daisy shows up pregnant with twins claiming he's the daddy. Stu needs all the help he can get from his friends, and an oddball shrink, to set things back in order.
365 ::: Anal Mansion Secrets (2014) ::: adult ::: Welcome to Anal Mansion, where the key to uncovering the secrets of the wealthy Haversham family lies in the hands and the loins of a most determined and well hung investigator. A convenient "accident" leaves a household of suspects who each seem to hold a dirty secret.
366 ::: "Lost in the Game" (2016) ::: adventure ::: A group of teenagers receive mysterious invitations to attend a summer camp. At first glance it appears to be a regular survival camp where the kids take on various physical challenges, but one by one some of the children are secretly taken to a hidden part of the camp. While the others think they've been sent home, the chosen few are introduced to an incredible virtual reality game where they face new challenges in the Middle Ages. Before long, those left behind begin to get suspicious, wondering what's really happened to their friends and why the camp staff are so secretive about the strange man living in the mansion in the woods.
367 ::: Hoodoo for Voodoo (2006) ::: horror ::: When a group of college kids win a trip to New Orleans for Mardi Gras, they soon find themselves on a rollercoaster of survival as bodies drop left and right. When the workers at a local VooDoo tourist attraction begin turning up dead, the teens must bind together and stay alive to figure out who is behind this most wicked plot. But, hey, who can be inconvenienced at the biggest party of the year?
368 ::: "World's Worst Tenants" (2012) ::: reality-tv ::: This reality was about tenants that were either being evicted for non payment and or violating their lease. Now there were some episodes were people had been living on properties that they probably shouldn't have per legal provisions. Also there was a run of episodes were folk had pets of all kinds and either they complied with the pet policy of their lease or they were given a notice to vacate.
369 ::: Noemie Lafrance: Noir - Site Specific Choreography (2004) ::: documentary ::: Lafrance first achieved major recognition in 2002 with "Descent" which was staged in the stairwell of a New York City landmark, the Clocktower Building by McKim, Mead and White. With "Noir" she takes her audience to a Lower East Side parking garage, for a dance experience based on "film noir" of the 1940's. The audience witnesses her choreography through the windshields of the parked cars.
370 ::: It'll Happen (2007) ::: romance ::: It'll Happen Brent Marshall is a good-looking college professor, and Sarah Palmer is an attractive writer for a local magazine. In an attempt to find meaningful romantic relationships, they test the dating scene in Monterey. Unfortunately for them, they each encounter a hilarious series of disastrous dates, making them wonder if the search is worth the effort.
371 ::: Sea of Madness (2006) ::: drama ::: Identical teenage twin girls, one of whom has cancer, escape their stifling middle-class home life in search of their natural father, whom they have not seen since infancy. Their adventure, fuelled by a unique spiritual bond and aspiration, leads them through a northern British city during one night, in which they experience, through episodic encounters and events, the under-belly of their society. They are helped by people, the likes of whom they have never seen before: a young renegade who has made his home under the bowels of a supermarket; a transvestite fairground worker alienated from his work; a mysterious bag lady and others. One final major obstacle tests their faith and resolve, and leads to fundamental change for both of them. This is an intimate and intense story taking us into the alienation of two teenage girls caught between conflicting values and allegiances.
372 ::: "Alma de hierro" (2008) ::: drama ::: Hierro receives some great news about his youngest son after helping Güicho with a very serious problem. Sandy and Amadeo confront big issues in their relationship because of a misunderstanding. Florencia sets a trap for Diego and the whole incident is noticed by the paparazzi at a luxurious restaurant.
373 ::: The Dutch Room (2010) ::: short ::: Two young women come across an insignificant white bag and take it to their mobile home. Inside the bag, they discover beautiful dresses, feather accessories and the book of the mysterious Doctor Love. Amused and then intrigued, they try each other their "passports for the night" while reading a romantic story entitled "The Dutch Room", a narrative that has curious resonances with their love life.
374 ::: "Apocalyptic Survival" (????) ::: reality-tv ::: Introduces our cast to a radically changed world, one in which it will take all they have to survive. In the Pilot's last act, Dow is blasted by a drone and our survivors are running for their lives from Federation soldiers who have just killed James, Jeff and kidnapped Jazzmine...
375 ::: Rusuli samkudhedi (2007) ::: thriller ::: A big Russian city- not necessarily Moscow, but the kind that is bustling with all types of life including criminal so the police are not without business. A young agent by the name of Nikolay, whose ancestors on his mother's side are Georgian, walks into the department which is busy with the investigation of a murder committed by a mysterious blind killer. His intuition leads him to a group of people whose destiny was broken by the Chechen War. This peaceful town finds its sinister inside, and Nikolay's noble impulses runs into the cruel and corrupt reality.
376 ::: Campesino (2017) ::: documentary ::: Two hours west of Havana in the rust colored countryside sits Vinales, a destination famous for growing some of the best tobacco in the world, where everything is done by hand, fields are still plowed with oxen and the modern world slips away. Campesino celebrates the lives of the Cuban tobacco farmer as introduced to us by an American whose passion has been to photograph them for 15 years. Carl Oelerich is a hard working family man who makes his living as a skycap at the Salt Lake City International Airport. An amateur photographer, with a gift, Carl's B&W images taken throughout the years on film beautifully capture a world on the brink of extinction. Carl begins his journey as an impartial observer, but over the years what begins as a photographic project with his subjects and business relationship with his local guide Juan, turns into something deeper. Despite not sharing a common language, the Campesino's warm to Carl and he to them. It is through Carl's long lasting relationships and striking photographs that we embark on this journey with a cast of characters whose candid conversations overflow with insight, love, humor and gratitude. Here is a peek into rural Cuba that few westerners have seen. Among the many stories we meet a 98 year old horseback riding cowboy philosopher, a teenage girl (that Carl first photographed at the age of 3) that has a head for physics and a sweet and charismatic tobacco farmer that is a killer salsa dancer and devoted practitioner of Santeria. But after all of these years his long time guide and friend Juan begins to question just how deep and lasting their friendship is. Will Carl finally step away from behind the lens and bring their families together? Campesino is a story about friendship, transformation and merging worlds, even those we like to keep all to ourselves. An amateur photographer, who works as a skycap at Salt Lake City Airport, documents the disappearing way of life of Cuba's Campesino farmers, forging friendships and capturing dignity and sacrifice through his surprisingly intimate pictures.
377 ::: The Living (????/II) ::: horror ::: A cataclysmic event of Biblical proportions turns much of Earth's human DNA into creatures ravenous for living flesh. In the post-apocalyptic aftermath, a small band of survivors fight them off while crossing open country to the last safe haven on the planet.
378 ::: Zolushka (2008) ::: romance ::: Provincial singer Andrei dreams of fame. When producer offers him a contract, Andrei leaves his girl and goes to Moscow. After the news that Andrei is engaged Natasha tries to find love in marriage agency, but stays in Moscow as a waitress.
379 ::: Fight Club (1999) ::: drama ::: A nameless first person narrator ('Edward Norton (I)' (qv)) attends support groups in attempt to subdue his emotional state and relieve his insomniac state. When he meets Marla ('Helena Bonham Carter' (qv)), another fake attendee of support groups, his life seems to become a little more bearable. However when he associates himself with Tyler ('Brad Pitt (I)' (qv)) he is dragged into an underground fight club and soap making scheme. Together the two men spiral out of control and engage in competitive rivalry for love and power. When the narrator is exposed to the hidden agenda of Tyler's fight club, he must accept the awful truth that Tyler may not be who he says he is. A young man leads a pretty humdrum life assessing car crashes to determine if his automobile company should issue recalls to fix problems. He also suffers from insomnia and takes to attending group therapy sessions for people who have survived various diseases. There he meets Marla who like him attends these sessions though she is neither a victim nor a survivor. His life changes when he meets Tyler Durden on a flight home. Tyler seems to be everything that he's not and together they create a men-only group for bare knuckle fighting. It soon becomes all the rage with fight clubs springing up across the country and the group itself becoming an anti-capitalist domestic terrorist organization. Tyler and Maria develop a relationship leaving him often on the outside of what is going on. He soon finds that the group is out of control and after a major self-revelation decides there is only one way out. An insomniac unnamed narrator needs a fantasy to escape from his deadly boring life, he tries joining a cancer support group however the only thing they do in the group is cry into each others chest, but then he is on a plane on his way back from what a viewer would assume is a business trip our unnamed narrator encounters Tyler Durden, a soap selling badass who happens to run a secret fight club in the diner parking lot with his friend who follows 8 simple rules set out by Tyler, our unnamed narrator of course is taken into this scheme ran by Tyler... An insomniac man who is an ordinary worker of a huge company, an IKEA buyer and classic consumer of capitalist system is very bored of his ordinary and routine life and meets with a person that is totally who he wants to be. And after that his life changes, with his new friend he creates a fight club that is gonna evolve very big movement all over country that even he can't imagine. A young urban professional who works for a major car manufacturer can't sleep. Although he doesn't have any of the associated afflictions, he stumbles across support groups as a means to let out whatever emotions he is feeling, which in turn allows him to sleep. But the use of these support groups is ruined when he meets a young woman named Marla Singer, who is also going to all these support group meetings. Because he knows she too is not afflicted with any of the maladies for which the groups exist, her presence has lessened the impact of the stories he hears. His life changes when he meets a soap manufacturer named Tyler Durden, who in many ways is the antithesis of the insomniac. Due to unusual circumstances with his own condo, the insomniac moves in with Tyler, who lives in a large dilapidated house in an otherwise abandoned part of town. After a bit of spontaneous roughhousing with Tyler in a bar parking lot, the insomniac finds it becomes a ritual between the two of them, which helps him cope with the other more difficult aspects of his life. The fights also attract a following, others who not only want to watch but join in. Understanding that there are other men like them, the insomniac and Tyler begin a secret fight club. As the fight club's popularity grows, so does its scope in all aspects. Marla becomes a circle not specifically of the fight clubs but of Tyler and the insomniac's collectives lives. As the nature of the fight clubs becomes out of control in the insomniac's view, the insomniac's life, in association, is one where he no longer understands what is happening around him, or how he can get out of it without harming himself.
380 ::: Mayhem (2020) ::: horror ::: Murder, suicide, church burning's. For their first three years, Norwegian Metal band MAYHEM, changed rock n' roll, participated in Satanic rituals and imploded in the murder of it's leader. Mayhem is not just an independent horror documentary, it's a black metal musical, that proves life and art can be eerily similar.
381 ::: Het negende uur (2000) ::: drama ::: A wealthy former art dealer and professional classical singer Edward Schneider gets his one chance to perform the part of Jesus Christ in the St. Matthew Passion by Johan Sebastiaan Bach. This is a great opportunity for him and together with his musical companion Jan Wynands he prepares himself of this onerous assignment. Soon it becomes clear that he is unable to perform the task. In his struggle to overcome his limitations he tries to experience the pain and suffering of Jesus and pushes himself beyond reality. He is found in his apartment, literally pinned down, bleeding to death and saved by "his" Maria Magdalena...
382 ::: "Theater Close-Up" (2014) ::: drama ::: In Vichy, France at the height of World War II, nine men and a boy are rounded up under suspicious circumstances. As ominous reports of far-off camps and cattle cars packed with prisoners begin to circulate, the men battle over politics, philosophy and how to escape.
383 ::: Flickan i fönstret mitt emot (1942) ::: comedy ::: The bricklayer Loffe often sees sculptress Ingrid in a window a cross the building. They get to now each other and soon fall in love. Loffe works for the master-builder Swahne who is Ingrid's uncle. Swahne comes up with a plan to see if Loffe's feelings for her are true or if he is just out for her money.
384 ::: Un Viaje con Fidel (2015) ::: documentary ::: In 1979, Jon Alpert, a young journalist from New York who worked for NBC and had already accomplished several journalistic works in Cuba, had the audacity to ask the Cuban government to accompany Fidel Castro on his plane to The United Nations. Fidel was going to give a speech as President of the Non-Aligned Countries and Jon got permission from Fidel himself to a rare and never before granted access to a communication outlet, especially in the United States. Since the incident with Immigration of the Cuban delegation upon arrival in New York City until his return to Havana, Fidel allowed Jon and his cameras to enter where he was staying at the Cuban Mission in New York, including his bedroom. Frank Vales, Fidel's then translator, was also on this trip and attests to Jon and Fidel's rapport. You could say that besides being a never before seen documentary, "A Trip with Fidel" has traits that resemble what many years later could be seen as a reality show where Jon captured a level of intimacy never seen before without losing sight of him for a minute. The documentary doesn't bring to light the Head of State that we all know, but simply Fidel, the person on the trip that at that moment many consider was at the peak of his political career.
385 ::: Robot Holocaust (1986) ::: sci-fi ::: Neo, a drifter from the atomic-blasted wastelands, arrives with his klutzy robot sidekick at a factory where slaves labor to fuel the sinister Dark One's Power Station. There, he meets a comely woman who convinces him to help rescue her scientist father, who has invented a device that can break the Dark One's control over the slaves. Gathering a motley crew of allies on the way, Neo and pals travel to the Power Station, where they confront the Dark One's evil servants.
386 ::: Nighthawks on the Blue Highway (2016) ::: documentary ::: The definitive film about The Nighthawks, America's hardest-working blues band. The Nighthawks inhabit the soul of blues music. Founded in Washington, D.C. more than 40 years ago by Little Walter-disciple Mark Wenner and guitar wizard Jimmy Thackery, the band thrives on its direct link to the great blues masters, having played with legends such as Muddy Waters, B.B. King, Gregg Allman, Pinetop Perkins, James Cotton, and John Lee Hooker. The film celebrates the band's joyous blues music and its deep roots in Washington D.C. while spelling out the struggles of keeping a band afloat for more than four decades. Scheming record producers, weary days on the road, the changing fortunes of the blues and conflict in the band threaten to sink the band. But The Nighthawks soldier on, carrying the torch of the blues into the 21st century. Featuring original interviews with blues legends, critics, and Nighthawks past and present, the film is the first of its kind about this band with a national and international reputation. It also features rare archival film, photographs, and music, as well as behind-the-scenes footage and newly-shot live performances in venues across the country.
387 ::: Sanam (2000) ::: drama ::: In a small valley, riders pursue and kill a man. A horse thief, so his assassins claim. But for his ten year old son Issa, the disappearance of his father causes an avalanche of problems. With the family name stigmatized, Issa is bullied by the other children in the village. While his mother fights to clear her husbands name, Issa is left to his own devices. But unexpectedly, his solitude gives birth to his freedom, his real passion, horses.
388 ::: Multo-Multuhan (1997) ::: horror ::: It has been said many times--- the truth is out there. A group of teenagers with various degrees of psyshic awareness attempt to talk to dead spirits to resolve conflicts in their past. Instead, they stumble on something much more interesting. Human beings don't have the monopoly on love. Rather, the desire to help, the need for companionship, the ability to sacrifice one's happiness for another--- these are traits shared by all beings. As we realize the truth, then there is still hope for a peaceful co-existence between all creatures of the universe.
389 ::: Little Busybody (1909) ::: short ::: An old scientist who is tired after a long and strenuous day of research falls asleep in his studio. Soon his little grandson sneaks in and being an inquisitive little busybody, the young rascal proceeds to investigate everything in the place, and through his peering into some things which are supposed to be secrets, we have an opportunity of enjoying a little peek also, for everything that he sees through the magnifying glass is transmitted for our benefit upon the screen. In the first place he goes up to the telescope and gets a good view of all the heavenly bodies, then turning the telescope earthward, he views a lot of very amusing incidents far out of his reach. Finally coming into the studio he takes a piece of cheese and through the aid of the magnifying glass he shows the cheese lovers the good qualities of the delicious stuff, as also does he magnify a drop of water and many other things of interest which if viewed at a proper time will be the cause of many swearing off for life.
390 ::: Total Corruption (2011) ::: action ::: A New York City Detective back from Vacation investigate the shooting of her partner, convince this was the work of local drug dealers she start to harass them all, this then lead to a turf war with her caught up in the middle. Now she must turn to the very criminals she is trained to put away for help.
391 ::: Violins in Wartime (2011) ::: documentary ::: Violins in Wartime is a documentary feature that was shot during the second Lebanon War in 2006. It follows a group of internationally acclaimed conductors who traveled to Israel for a month long workshop for young classical musicians from around the world. It's an annual event that takes place in Keshet Eilon, a kibbutz on the border of Lebanon. In 2006 the sound of violin concertos was suddenly muffled by the sounds of Kassam Missiles - the 2nd Lebanon war broke out... the story of music, classical art and war.
392 ::: Every Good Boy (1994) ::: short ::: Max is a 14-year old petty thief in a small New Jersey town who fancies himself a guy with all the goods. When his rivalry with Willy, a thin-skinned fireman, flares up, Max seeks vengeance by stealing the heart of Willy's fiancé, Shelly. Willy's jealousy inflamed, he cuts the half-pint hero down to size. Max responds by resolving to end their rivalry once and for all. With gun in hand he arrives at Willy's house foe the final showdown. But is Max man enough for the job?
393 ::: Los Abandonados (2015) ::: documentary ::: Featuring first person interviews with national political leaders, investigative journalists, best-selling authors, and renowned scholars and historians, as well as news broadcasts, and eye-witness accounts, Los Abandonados tells the story of Argentina's top prosecutor, Alberto Nisman, and raises the painful question of whether or not justice will ever be found.
394 ::: Teachings on Milarepa (2008) ::: documentary ::: A documentary film interviewing some of the most famous Buddhist luminaries, such as His Holiness the 17th Gyalwa Karmapa Orgyen Trinley Dorje and Sogyal Rinpoche, author of the best-selling book called "The Tibetan Book of Living and Dying", Ani Pema Chodron, the author of such highly acclaimed and successful books as "The Wisdom of No Escape" and "Start Where You Are". Ideally suited for Western viewers interested in knowing more about Milarepa's significance for Buddhism as a whole, these teachings also show how we can incorporate Milarepa's determination, honesty, clarity and compassion into our lives. Some of the best known Buddhist luminaries give commentaries and insights about the life of one of the best known historical Buddhist figures, Milarepa, Tibet's greatest yogi and spiritual warrior.
395 ::: The Doubtful Guest (????) ::: family ::: A charming mischievous creature shows up at a family-owned bed & breakfast, and turns the funny family's life upside down.
396 ::: Abhishapt (2011) ::: drama ::: Based on a true story, 'Abhishapt' is shot entirely on location in Agra and Fathepur Sikri. The film is based in rural India.A newly wed, stone cutter "Manya",falls prey to the whims of the landlord who kidnaps her and consequently rapes her. Seeking justice she approaches the local police officer who happens to be good friends with the landlord and he in turn exploits her further. Eventually she seeks the help of a lady cop and tries to find justice for herself in a world where laws are made by men and where women's rights mean nothing. Abhishapt will be ready for release in 2011 'Abhishapt' is about the struggle of a quarry worker which in turn causes turmoil not just in her life but also in the life a police officer who tries to get her justice.
397 ::: The Skeleptica Effect (2009) ::: crime ::: A band of chosen criminals are paired up to pull off a number of heists, in one day. But things go awry when one member decides to alter all plans for selfish gain while simultaneously, he deals with psychotic fits called "Skeleptica" which split his personality.
398 ::: Bloodstained Romance 2 (2010) ::: horror ::: Audrey is a high school girl who is used to getting what she wants. That is until a new substitute teacher shows up at her school. Wanting what she cant have drives her to the edge of insanity as she breaks all the rules to get her way. If she cant have him... no one can.
399 ::: The Western World of Ferdinando Baldi (2005) ::: documentary ::: In this documentary director Ferdinando Baldi talks about his Italian Western films TEXAS ADDIO, PREPARATI LA BAR, LITTLE RITA NEL WEST, BLINDMAN, COMIN'AT YA as well as his collaboration with actors Tony Anthony and Terence Hill and filmmaking in Almeria/Spain in the late 1960's.
400 ::: Kazantzakis (2017) ::: biography ::: The film-biography is a tribute to the Great Awakening Writer NIKOS KAZANTZAKIS. The ecumenical writer Nikos Kazantzakis said that his life is defined by his travels and dreams. These tracks were followed by the film. The presence of the Greek spirit, which represents great ideals, is intense. Freedom, power, creation, strong friendships, dynamic spirit. All of these elements make up a heartfelt sensation that will make you feel human, feel free. "I hope nothing, I fear nothing, I am free." Nikon Kazantzakis
401 ::: "Very Funny News" (2011) ::: comedy ::: It's the news as only TBS would do it... very funny. Very Funny News covers everything hip, hot and happening in the world of comedy. Each week, our irreverent newscast takes viewers for a riotous romp stampeding through the headlines and newsmakers making people laugh. Our crack news team is on the scene, serving up the latest news from sitcom sets and the box-office to the comedy circuit and the internet. If it's "very funny", Very Funny News has it covered from coast to coast.
402 ::: The Silent Killer (2012) ::: short ::: After a brief passing on a station platform, "The Boy" begins to follow "The Girl", seemingly with romantic intentions. But is he following her or is she leading him? When he tries to kill her, who will survive? And will they ever be able to have a first date?
403 ::: Live in Lyon (2013) ::: music ::: From his earliest recordings with Roxy Music at the beginning of the 1970s, Bryan Ferry has taken his place as one of the most iconic and innovative musicians and songwriters to emerge in popular music. Ferry's "Olympia" tour travelled the world in 2011, including this spectacular performance filmed on July 25 at the ancient Roman amphitheatre in Lyon, France as part of the Nuits de Fourviere Festival. The show features tracks from across Ferry's 40 year career including classic Roxy Music songs, solo hits and his renowned interpretations of other writer's material all delivered with the style and panache that is uniquely Bryan Ferry.
404 ::: "The Secret Garden" (1960) ::: drama ::: A young British girl born and raised in India loses her neglectful parents in an earthquake. She is returned to England to live at her uncle's estate. Her uncle is very distant due to the loss of his wife ten years before. Neglected once again, she begins exploring the estate and discovers a garden that has been locked and neglected. Aided by one of the servants' brothers, she begins restoring the garden, and eventually discovers some other secrets of the manor.
405 ::: My Mother Was Murdered by a Suicide Bomber (2005) ::: documentary ::: In 2002, his mother was killed in Israel by a suicide bomber. Now, the son, Swedish journalist Bernt Hermele, returns to confront the family of the suicide bomber. Perla Hermele, a 78-old Jewish Swedish woman from Sweden, was one of 30 people killed in a suicide attack in the Israeli beach resort Netanya in March 2002. Three years later her son, journalist Bernt Hermele, has made a very personal film about what really happened to his mother in what has become known as the Passover Massacre. Hermele traces his mother's last hours in life. He speaks to people directly involved in the attack, both in Israel and Palestine. A policeman and a fireman are interviewed as well as the family of the suicide bomber. In the film, Hermele discuss topics like hate, forgiveness and being able to see the pain on the other side. The film is also Bernt Hermele's way of honoring the memory of his mother.
406 ::: Den flyvende cirkus (1912) ::: drama ::: The Flying Circus was the largest traveling artist band in the country, and among its favorite artists were the rope-dancer, Laurento and the snake tamer, Ula Kiri. The hot blooded gypsy snake tamer is passionately in love with the attractive young man, hut he does not quite return her feelings. She is hasty and ill-tempered, and not far from being cruel to those depending on her. For the first time the Flying Circus pitches its tents in a small country town. The daughter of the mayor attends. The rope dancer meets her and for him it is a case of love at first sight, and he decides to do all in his power to win her. That night a great fire breaks out in the town, and the flying embers ignite the home of the mayor. The townspeople strive to deflect the flames, but all in vain. The mansion is doomed to destruction and it seems that the mayor's daughter must perish. At this juncture Laurento beats his way through the flames and scales the wall, and, picking up the frantic maiden, jumps to the mesh of telegraph wires outside the window. Carrying his burden over the fragile wires, he saves her amid the frantic cheers of the populace. The grateful mayor makes him a welcome guest, and he soon wins the heart of the young girl, but he has yet to obtain the father's consent. He worries continually about this problem, and not even at home can he rest in peace, for Ula Kiri, who feels that her beloved friend is sliding away from her, keeps tormenting him with jealousy and mockery. At last he plucks up his courage and goes to the mayor. The latter is friendly to the young man, but he compels the rope dancer to leave with a vague promise for the future. If circumstances, should alter. A capital idea strikes the young man to obtain money. He arranges to do a rope dance to the church tower. The circus director is delighted with the idea. The great day arrives, and the people of the town gather around the church. The rope dancer cannot forget Erna's sorrowful eyes and pale face as he walks along the flaccid rope towards the dizzy height. A snake has escaped and its body bars the way to the entrance to the tower. The snake tamer has, in her mad jealousy, forgotten all about her duties, and this negligence now proves fatal. Erna implores her in vain to call back the reptile, as she is the only one that can do it, but Ula Kiri will not listen to her in her storm of jealousy and hatred. But Erna overcomes all difficulties. Her great love teaches her what to do, and thus she saves her sweetheart. The mayor can no longer withhold his consent to the marriage and the same evening the Flying Circus goes away to the other regions, leaving a happy couple in the country town.
407 ::: Saatanan radikaalit (1971) ::: comedy ::: Accustomed to the heat of the sauna, four dead Finns enjoy their days in Hell so much that they are sent on a temporary leave back to Earth. Blessed with a specific ban on doing any honest work while down there, yet cursed with an inability to enjoy alcohol any longer, the quartet lands in modern-day Finland with a briefcase full of cash. Of course, in only a matter of minutes the guys misplace the briefcase, and after that they are pretty much on their own. However, you can't blame them for running out of ideas too quickly.
408 ::: Kingdom Come: The Making of Casavant Opus 3875 (2015) ::: documentary ::: Kingdom Come: The Making of Casavant Opus 3875 is a feature-length documentary film that goes behind the scenes to chronicle the design, manufacture, and unveiling of a pipe organ for the Kauffman Center for the Performing Arts in Kansas City, Missouri. Produced and directed by the Kauffman Foundation, the project was presented as a gift to Julia Irene Kauffman, the Muriel McBrien Kauffman Foundation, the Kauffman Center staff and the Kansas City artistic community, on behalf of the associates and board of trustees of the Ewing Marion Kauffman Foundation. The film traces the complex task to create a powerful custom-built pipe organ, known as "The King of Instruments," for a modern concert hall. It records the artistry and craftwork of the men and women at the Casavant Frčres workshop in Saint-Hyacinthe, Quebec. The story follows truckloads of handmade parts arriving in Kansas City and documents the elaborate process to assemble the massive five-story support structure, delicate instrumentation, and precise individual voicing of each of the organ's 5,548 pipes. In addition to showing the making of the organ, the film tells the story by featuring interviews with key people in Canada and Kansas City. With the instrument in place, the film records history in the making as world-renowned organist James David Christie takes the stage at Helzberg Hall to play the organ for the first time. Ultimately, the film tells the story of a city's commitment to the arts and the imagination, invention, and careful human touch that inspires a creative legacy for musical artists and audiences to admire for generations to come.
409 ::: The Real Doctor Evil: Kim Jong Il's North Korea (2003) ::: documentary ::: The Real Dr Evil' ventures the rise of Kim Jong-il after his father, Kim II- sung's, death. His father, who is referred to as 'Great Leader' by North Korea, was a highly praised and well-respected leader -the founder of North Korea and commander of the fifth largest standing army in the world.
410 ::: Thai Girl (????) ::: romance ::: Right after graduation Ben and girlfriend, Emma, embark on a trip to Thailand. It is not long before they come to blows and part ways. Ben is propelled to explore the exotic surroundings of the paradise island of Koh Samet. There he meets mysterious local Fon, a local masseuse on the beach. As Ben and Fon come closer we see what happens when two radically different worlds collide. Is this a summer romance or an encounter that will change their lives forever? Can they overcome their cultural differences and stay together or will Ben leave this fantasy and return to the real world back home?
411 ::: ...und führe uns nicht in Versuchung (1957) ::: drama ::: Herr Hudetz (Gerhard Riedmann), the railwayman of a small village, not treated well by destiny, causes a very bad train crash by accident while flirting with the young woman Anna (Johanna Matz).In court Anna commits perjury and can save Hudetz from prison and the two become lovers and marry each other. But they don't have a happy life, because his bad conscience is still tormenting him over the years. So he makes a decision .
412 ::: The Girl from Outside (1919) ::: drama ::: A young woman, a tenderfoot in the Alaskan mining country, falls in with the Curly Kid and his gang, unaware of their criminal activities. The gang members come to love her and she in turn leads them toward a better life.
413 ::: Pingpong (2006) ::: drama ::: Paul, 16 years old, arrives to live at his aunt's house, after his father's death. Alongside her aunt Anna lives his cousin Robert. Paul's arrival is unexpected, creating great tension between the three of them, especially between Anna and Paul.
414 ::: Captive (1991) ::: thriller ::: Paul and Kathy Plunk move away from Phoenix, Arizona, so that their baby daughter may grow up in the healthy Oregon. They buy a small motel in a lonesome mountain region... - it could be idyllic, but their first guests are the wanted criminals Knott and Frost, who are on flight from the police. They need money, so they assault the Plunks, force them to withdraw all their money from the bank. But the nightmare just begins: they take the Plunks and their baby with them as hostages. Their life is worth nothing to the psychopathic criminals.
415 ::: Entering the Student Body (2005) ::: adult ::: After getting fired from his pizza job, Dave decides to enroll in college. After being denied admission for lousy grades, he decided to fuck the admissions officer in the hopes of changing her mind. Once admitted, he quickly finds a job as a teaching assistant to support his educational expenses but ends up fucking his students instead. After a few weeks of this, Dave's grades begin to slide. He is failing all his classes, so he decides to see if he can do some extra credit by fucking one of his professors. Since he can't fuck all his professors, he decides to try and study for at least one of his classes to maintain his D average. He scours the campus to find a hot, young coed for a study buddy, but he ends up fucking her before they can even hit the books. With his grades and ethics now in the dumps, he gets summoned to the academic probation office for final review before being dismissed from the university. Dave gets the bright idea to try and fuck the academic probation officer in the hopes of remaining in school.
416 ::: Akash Chhoa Bhalobasa (2008) ::: drama ::: 'Mir Ahmad Ali' (Razzak) is a Zamindar also businessman. His mother's (Sharmily Ahmed) 100th birthday ceremonies enjoys his daughter 'Chhoa' (Purnima) and all participator. Some later there home coming speedy mode a young gentlemen 'Akash' (Riaz) Mir Ahmad seen that and ordered to security for attack him, but Akash take a knife so shocked they and get back. Akask was come stately Mir Ahmad's Mithra with birthday cake and after cutting this her hand so wishing happy birthday to you. Later of some Akash called Mir Ahmad's as maternal uncle (I am just fun), Mir Ahmad's understand is his small sister 'Minu's (Diti) son Akash. Minu loves an Christan also marry him, but her family don't accept this marry matter. Lastly gate out him with disable all the relationship. Akash meet his grand mother and he too much happy as gets him. Chhoa want to meet Akask, but she first time jocks and avoid him. They at a time more jocks again jocks, but a time in there made love heart and souls. One day Mir Ahmad find there mutual situation, and she take action as punishment same his mother Minu. So come back an greenfield, A thief team leader 'Altu' (Afzal Sharif) she agree for help meet to Chhoa. Altu's team too funny mode arrange a meet position and there too happy this funny matter. Akash and Chhoa meet to look of some more. One day Mir Ahmad find of Akash his mother room and she too shocked for true of his mother. So, she arranged as soon as possible Chhoa's marry with his friend 'Chowdhry's (Prabir Mitra) son. Akash and Altu team made a game plan for take out from the marriage party. Find this plan such Mia Ahmad's People and too much bitten upon to Akash and though the body old home forest. Opposite side- Altu's team putout Chhoa from marriage party, but not would find Akash also there mean such as she get back to America. Altu come back to Chhoa's home meet for her father, Altu listen too hide Akash not going to America, but bit of his trough the body. Altu come soonest and going to place with Chhoa, they take Akash body and go to railway station for going a far zone that lookout of Mir Ahmad. Lastly too fight with Mir Ahmad's people according on game plan won Akash. Opposite side Mir Ahzad Ali coming for killing Akash, but Akash's mother Minu in the mean time stay the railway station and Mir Ahmad looking to Minu's face she forgetful his previous character. Mir Ahmad get normal and accept Akash-Chhoa's marry also come back enjoy time start.
417 ::: The Making of 'I Am Legend' (2008) ::: short ::: This documentary features the cast and crew discussing the themes of the film, the research that went into ensuring the film played as authentically as possible, the variations between novel and film, shooting in New York, creating the film's various effects shots, utilizing the Armed Forces in several scenes, and plenty more.
418 ::: C'est lui que je veux (1937) ::: comedy ::: Mr. Mosterpot regards grocery as the most important thing in the world and running his shop in a popular area of Brussels is the most fulfilling experience he can imagine. For the future, has no other desire than to marry his son Simon to a merchant girl and let the young couple succeed him. Alas, it is sport not grocery the young man swears by. Worse, he has only eyes for sweet Simone, who has nothing to do with trade. Naturally, Mr. Masterpot WILL NOT allow such a misalliance! Quite unlike Major Henrard, Simon's godfather, and Betty, his aunt and owner of the shop, who both support the young lovers.To help them to live their love despite Mr. Mosterpot's refusal, they set up a "diabolical "scheme...
419 ::: Podarok Stalinu (2008) ::: drama ::: A Jewish child deported to Kazakhstan is saved and adopted by Kasym, an old Kazakh railway-man. Kasym gives him a Kazakh name, Sabyr, that in Kazakh language means humble. The child grows up in the small Kazakh village along with other deportees Vera, a traitor's wife, and Ezhik a Polish doctor. The Soviet militia harasses the poor peasants and Vera suffered the harassment of a bully cop: Bulgabi. Finally Vera accepts the marriage proposal of Ezhik but the jealous Bulgabi tries to prevent the marriage. The result is a fight in which Ezhik shoots himself accidentally. The old Kasym decides that Sabyr is now old enough to go to seek his real parents. At the end Sabyr, now an adult, decides to return to the village, but the village no longer exists because it was destroyed by a Soviet nuclear test.
420 ::: Simon mágus (1999) ::: drama ::: In this surrealistic movie from the director of My 20th Century, the French police seek help from Simon, a visionary living in Budapest to solve a murder case. Whilst in Paris, Simon falls in love with Jeanne, although they do not speak each other's language. When Jeanne leaves for a couple of days, Peter, another visionary, calls Simon for a duel: They both have to spend three days buried alive. Will Simon ever meet his love again? A crime is committed in Paris, and the police are clueless. They call in Simon, a sorcerer with supernatural powers. After helping the police break the case, Simon's old adversary challenges him to a contest: the two sorcerers must be buried for three days. And so the real challenge becomes whether or not Simon has the power to unlock his soul from death.
421 ::: How China Fooled the World: With Robert Peston (2014) ::: documentary ::: Robert Peston travels to China to investigate how this mighty economic giant could actually be in serious trouble. China is now the second largest economy in the world and for the last 30 years China's economy has been growing at an astonishing rate. While Britain has been in the grip of the worst recession in a generation, China's economic miracle has wowed the world. Peston reveals what has actually happened inside China since the economic collapse in the west in 2008. It is a story of spending and investment on a scale never seen before in human history - 30 new airports, 26,000 miles of motorways and a new skyscraper every five days have been built in China in the last five years. But, in a situation eerily reminiscent of what has happened in the west, the vast majority of it has been built on credit. This has now left the Chinese economy with huge debts and questions over whether much of the money can ever be paid back. Robert Peston reveals how China's extraordinary spending has left the country with levels of debt that many believe can only end in an economic crash with untold consequences for us all.
422 ::: Rachel (2018) ::: drama ::: This is the story of the life of Rachel, one of the four matriarchs of the Hebrews. It is a story of true love in a time that, more often than not, marriage was a political appointment, a story of her barren state in a time when a woman's worth was measured in the number of male children she bore. It is a story of faith in a time when God was virtually unknown. It is Rachel's life, from birth to after death, the endurance of her love, faith, and generosity through the trials of treachery, jealousy, and selfishness. It is her story of how, at times she failed and at times she overcame the obstacles of life and was used through it all to build a nation of chosen people.
423 ::: The Young Doctors (1961) ::: drama ::: Two pathologists -- a veteran department head (Fredric March) whose perspective has been shaped by years of red tape and day-to-day frustrations, and his new assistant (Ben Gazarra), a young, somewhat aggressive man who is more up-to-date but who lacks his colleague's personal touch -- clash in a small hospital's lab. The gulf between their approaches is dramatically illustrated by two critical cases that both are intimately involved in.
424 ::: 80 Voglia di te (2015) ::: comedy ::: "80 voglia di te" (I want you so much) is the story of a psychologist in a marital crisis who, except for his work and phobias of various patients, is dedicated to his family, two sons (struggling with first loves and school problems) and his father, grandpa Frederick. One day a new patient comes in to his office. Little does he know that this new patient is actually his wife's lover.
425 ::: Waterloo: Hidden Traces (2015) ::: documentary ::: Using new archeological findings, first hand accounts of the battle, expert interviews and CGI and 3D animations this program helps us understand the dynamic elements of strategy and weather that led to Napoleon's historic defeat by the Duke of Wellington on the fields of Waterloo.
426 ::: "Como ama una mujer" (2007) ::: romance ::: An original production filmed in Mexico, "Como Ama Una Mujer" is inspired by the lyrics of Lopez' first Spanish-language album of the same name released earlier this year. At the end of each episode, Lopez herself will perform the theme song that inspired that episode. The five part mini-series tells the story of a woman's journey to find her true soul-mate, but with her glamorous life and professional success come heartbreak and betrayals that threaten to break her spirit.
427 ::: His Will Be Done (2009) ::: horror ::: Powerful witch Morgan heads to a festival at a bed and breakfast nestled in the small town of Stevenson, Texas. There, she and her coven get more than they bargain for when they meet Reverend Montgomery, a man who has more than the church on his side. In this return of Morgan from the film Sinner, the passive witch must call up her greatest powers to save her coven and right the wrongs of the town and congregation.
428 ::: Wheatus, You Might Die (????) ::: documentary ::: In 2010, filmmaker Antony D. Lane joined Wheatus on their 10th Anniversary UK/Austria tour, & what began as a tour diary, soon evolved into an inspiring feature length documentary, looking at one of the worlds hardest working independent bands. This documentary includes exclusive interviews & full backstage access to the band on their 2010 & 2011 tours. This documentary covers the full untold WHEATUS story, showing how passion & determination & a strong loyal fan base can keep a band alive after several years of being fully independent & away from a major record label.
429 ::: U zemlji cudesa (2009) ::: drama ::: Still today, years after the war, some regions are contaminated with broken families, poverty, crime and low-grade uranium. In the middle of nowhere in Western Herzegovina, at a NATO military training range, a nine-year-old girl called Alica, together with her uncle Valentin, collects shells and scraps of grenades to sell on the black market. Valentin dies of cancer, Alica's diagnosis is not good but there's no money for therapy. Alica's journey through the Land of Wonders begins.
430 ::: The Tunche (2017) ::: horror ::: Five young American have come for vacation to Peruvian Jungle to discover the old Incan ritual party called AYAHUASCA. While trying to enjoy and find the Lost City "The Gran Pajaten", they are been caught by a predator which is the protector of the jungle and its treasures.
431 ::: The Wicker House (2018) ::: horror ::: When Doug and Amanda Simmons move from New York to London, after Doug is promoted to Vice President of European Operations in his company. Amanda takes control of house hunting and their domestic arrangements choosing to set up their new home in a small country village just outside of London in Surrey. Which is Amanda's ancestral home on her mother's side of her family. Doug finds himself in the midst of strange events surrounding their new home.
432 ::: The Flintlock Disaster (2012) ::: documentary ::: The Flintlock Disaster is a true story documentary about Marine Corps Squadron VMF 422, The Flying Buccaneers, and the cover up that ensued as they were sent to impending doom flying into a typhoon in the South Pacific in 1944. 23 aircraft were lost and 6 pilots died, while the others did their best to survive for 72 hours in the water waiting to be rescued.
433 ::: "The Greg Who? Show" (2006) ::: talk-show ::: The Greg "Who?" Show represents a family friendly, quirky and fun late night variety show which aims at entertaining and inspiring our audience through great music, comedy and guest appearances.
434 ::: Gaia (2009/I) ::: drama ::: A group of Native Americans discover a young woman, left for dead, in the Arizona desert and take her to their reservation. Through her relationship with American Natives she manages to re-connect with her own innocence, but is forced to make a choice between being reborn out of the chaos of her past or dying in the grips of her darkness.
435 ::: Postman's Knock (1962) ::: comedy ::: Likeable country postman Harold Petts gets transferred from his village to London, where on his arrival he unwittingly foils a mail train robbery. Innocent in the ways of the big city, he is thought to be a member of another gang by both the train robbers and the police, who all suspect him of trying to rob the post office where he works. Petts however gains notoriety in the post office by his ability to outperform the new mechanization which the sorting office has recently installed. Harold becomes a hero when he thwarts the robbers once more when they attempt to steal a mail-bag containing used bank notes which are being returned for destruction. As his reward, Harold gets promoted back to his home village as Postmaster.
436 ::: Thomas Quick: Seriemördare eller mytoman? (1995) ::: documentary ::: During the 1990s, Thomas Quick confessed to one unsolved murder after another, becoming, in the words of the father of one of his alleged victims, "a ghost who ran through Scandinavia killing more than 30 people". The sadistic murderer was a media sensation and his bespectacled face stared out from front pages and television screens. The newspapers called him "the cannibal". Thomas Quick became Sweden's very own Hannibal Lecter. He was very keen on confessing sexual abuse, rape and murder of teenage boys. He read about these violent and repulsive crimes in newspapers and made them his own.
437 ::: Opera Omnibus (1987) ::: music ::: Eight segments of opera films: Sheng Xinma performs a monologue from _A King's Revenge (1955), followed by an excerpt of _The Patriot's Sword_ (1958). Cibo Liang is featured in _An Immortal Refuses Love_ (1958), and Yutang Bai appears in _The Wonder Boy_ (1961). Segment five shows Xingbo Liang, Jiasheng Lin, and Cibo Liang in _The Impartial Bao Gong_ (1967), while segment six is a performance by Northern opera actress Suqiu Yu. The last two are versions of _Red Maid, The Matchmaker_, first a 1958 film with Yanfen Fang and An Banri, followed by one titled _The Little Go-Between_, featuring Baobao Feng and Cibo Liang. It was originally double billed with _South China Stars Special_.
438 ::: ReAgitator: Revenge of the Parody (2017) ::: comedy ::: Goth superstar Aurelio Voltaire is VERUM and original gangsta rapper Schoolly D is THE PRESIDENT in this cult camp catastrophe. In this send up of the horror genre, a beautiful aristocrat (Amanda Flowers) is resurrected by mad doctor ORBERT WESCRAFT (Jurgen Azazel Munster) at the request of her obsessed husband (Rock N Roll legend Alan Merrill). When she rebels against the Doctor and joins a cult of the undead, it's pandemonium as the sinister creatures resurrect a giant monster to destroy all mortals. Will two wacky journalists (Yolpie Kaiser, Mickala McFarlane) a mad teenage girl bent on revenge (Sofe Cote) and a perma tripping boy genius (Max Husten) be able to save the world in time?
439 ::: Andermatt: Global Village (2015) ::: documentary ::: Ski lifts with heated seats, a golf course, and an exclusive residential area - that is Andermatt's future. Over the course of seven years, the film chronicles the transformation of the Swiss alpine village into a luxury resort. The locals have mixed feelings about the impact on their home - yes, there may be a profit but at what cost?
440 ::: Fear, Anxiety & Depression (1989) ::: comedy ::: Ira is a nervous playwright waiting and hoping to succeed with his art, which he takes it very seriously. But following his dreams and ambitions isn't something easy to do, specially when he has to consider the points of view his family, his artist friends and his girlfriend will provide to him whenever he exposes his incomprehensible works of art.
441 ::: Iris och löjtnantshjärta (1946) ::: drama ::: The officer Robert Motander is invited to a dinner with his upper-class relatives. During the dinner he observes the beautiful young house-maid, Iris. He suggests that the two of them go out to see a movie. This is the beginning of love story that Robert's relatives will do anything to stop. A working-class mistress will do but a working-class fiancée? Never!
442 ::: Glowing (2000) ::: drama ::: Lives light up, when the upset Spring meets the innocent Dolphin. Later, however, when Dolphin falls in love with the movies and becomes a director, the skies become dim again. Seeing movies, seeing art and seeing people, how can we really "see" it?
443 ::: Golden Dawn: A Personal Affair (2016) ::: documentary ::: The financial collapse, the political instability and the family relations are placed into the spotlight as the documentary is trying to discover "what's in the head of GoldenDawners, who pose as victims" of the system. Golden Dawn "never hid" its ideology. Its influence in the polls might have been almost nonexistent previously, but the compatibility of this ideology with unshakable beliefs in Greece - cultivated by many clergymen and most of the Media but also by family and political system - is the fertile ground on which the organization flourishes. The director is looking into the matter from a personal viewpoint, having dedicated many years and another two television productions in approaching the neo-Nazi party, which has taken the third position in Greece's political system after three decades of obscure but bloody activity.
444 ::: God of War: Unearthing the Legend Franchise Documentary (2010) ::: documentary ::: The creators of the God of War video game series discuss how the game parallels the form and function of classic Greek mythology. Experts in classics are brought in to provide their take on the character of Kratos and discuss his journeys. Peter Weller hosts.
445 ::: Muna (2016) ::: documentary ::: A tale of minimal yet indispensable stories with a letter as unifying element of them all. Together they create the idiosyncrasy of Ethiopian women. Women who challenge the difficulties of the world they have to live in by means of their perseverance, efforts, dignity, sensibility and huge firmness. Muna is a film about the woman, because Muna is an Ethiopian woman, an African matriarch.
446 ::: Lady Samurai (2007) ::: action ::: After her master is killed, a rogue FBI agent goes under cover into a world of violence, motorcycles, and deceit to discover the truth behind her samurai master's death. Not only does she find answers to her questions, but also finds her self in the middle of a power struggle between the DA and the head of a crime family.
447 ::: Saddam (2006) ::: drama ::: SADDAM is the story of two men, Antonio Lo Russo and Mauro Loiacono, who joined a service company, Enterprises Srl, that operates in the Middle East. Antonio Lo Russo has experience with this type of mission, he was in Kosovo where he led an expedition that escorted human convoys, he was once in the army and so has military experience. Mauro Loiacono, instead, is a desperate man. He still lives with his parents near Turin but would like to build a house and leave home to live there with his girlfriend Anna. The problem is he doesn't have the money. He's the classic type who has no idea where he's going and, above all, has no dreams. The two men find themselves in Iraq, Antonio has chosen this way of life; Mauro somehow just drifted into it: a prospect of making lots of money quickly and the mirage of escaping a situation that holds no future. Their task is to guard a very important prisoner in Abu Ghraib prison. In reality neither of them know who is in the cell, the orders were eminently clear: no-one can enter the cell, anyone coming near it must be stopped. During their long stint of guard duty all Antonio and Mauro can do is play the guessing game. But they know they have a great responsibility: above all for Mauro, pressure from their superiors and the American military command they report to is beginning to get to him. But who, in reality, is locked up in cell fifty-one/A? The two men's sense of duty faces a tough test towards the end of Antonio's watch, with Mauro's nerves stretched to the limit and both of them feeling dead tired. Antonio suggests to his colleague that they disobey orders and enter the cell to take a photo: what if it really was Saddam Hussein in there?
448 ::: Guidance Is Internal (2016) ::: short ::: Two people find themselves on the precipice of romance. Their personal convergence parallels NASA's exploration of space and echoes of JFK's once and future dream. Specifically the Apollo 11 voyage to the moon and JFK's 1962 speech ennobling cosmic quests are entwined with our characters' encounter. The micro and macro of human life are showcased through cross-cutting techniques. Both narratives underscore our film's essential theme; that love is the essence of all exploration and it is indeed the greatest adventure of all. Space exploration of all scales is born out of our internal need to connect externally. The title, "Guidance is Internal", was originally uttered during the Apollo 11 launch countdown and serves as a thematic bridge between the two stories. On one hand, we have two characters whose internal desire to connect catalyzes their external actions to communicate. On the other hand, we have the culminating efforts of humanity literally reaching for the stars in hopes of better understanding our place in the universe. Ultimately, what does each existential excursion into the unknown grant us? An understanding that we are not alone. For our two characters, their connection is forged by a mutual understanding and feeling for life. For the human race, witnessing our planet from the heavens imbues in us with an understanding of our innate interconnectivity. In both cases, a greater harmony is achieved. This is the story of two potential lovers (Collin Varney and Sondra Glass) on a journey to connect, interwoven with the Apollo 11 Moon landing and JFK's rousing 1962 speech at Rice University. The over-arching theme of our interconnectivity through exploration and our subsequent place in the universe is personified through these duel narratives.
449 ::: NorTec (2001) ::: documentary ::: At the dawn of the twenty-first century, the Nor-tec phenomenon emerged from the border city of Tijuana and through the Internet, quickly conquered a global audience. Marketed as a kind of "ethnic" electronic dance music, Nor-tec samples sounds of traditional music from the north of Mexico, and transforms them through computer technology used in European and American techno music and electronica. Tijuana has media links to both Mexico and the United States, with peoples, currencies, and cultural goods--perhaps especially music--from both sides circulating intensely within the city. Older residents and their more mobile, cosmopolitan-minded children thus engage in a constant struggle with identity and nationality, appropriation and authenticity. Nor-tec music in its very composition encapsulates this city's struggle, resonating with issues felt on the global level, while holding vastly different meanings to the variety of communities that embrace it. With an impressive hybrid of musicology, ethnomusicology, cultural and performance studies, urbanism, and border studies, this documentary explores all facets.
450 ::: "Half Moon Investigations" (2009) ::: drama ::: Half Moon Investigations is a children's crime/comedy drama television series created by the BBC and based upon the novel of the same name by the author Eoin Colfer. It concerns a schoolboy, Fletcher Moon, who spends much of his spare time solving petty crimes around his school, St Jerome's. 13 episodes were first broadcast between January and March 2009. The series was filmed in and around a disused secondary school, located in Bellshill, North Lanarkshire.
451 ::: The Future of Fear (2011) ::: documentary ::: Join some of the most talented legends of the Horror Film genre for discussion of what scared us before, and what's going to scare us next! The film is a dissection of the various sub-genres of horror, and where new creative scares might emerge.
452 ::: The Brewster Project (2004) ::: drama ::: If your ultimate dream was so close you could taste it, how far would you go to achieve it? How much would you risk? What price would you pay? And what would be the effect on those you left behind? Rekindling the legacy of the famous Detroit housing complex that spawned The Supremes and helped define Motown sound, the cost of fame in the 21st century carries a sizzling hip-hop soundtrack in the new Method to the Madness Films production...The Brewster Project.
453 ::: Brewster's Billions (????/I) ::: comedy ::: A comedy centered on a guy who inherits a windfall with one string attached: he must spend the entire sum of a previous inheritance within a year without accruing any assets from the spending spree.
454 ::: The Beauty Shop (1922) ::: comedy ::: Dr. Arbutus Budd is a New York physician specializing in "beauty". His business is successful but he is still plagued by money problems. One day he gets an idea--he obtains the coat-of-arms of a long-forgotten Italian noble family, the Bolognias, and uses it as his logo on his line of beauty products. As luck would have it, the crest is recognized in Italy, and before long an emissary is sent to the US to bring back "The Baron". Budd is overjoyed, as he believes that he is about to inherit the Bolognia family fortune. However, it turns out that all he inherits is something he wasn't counting on--a blood feud with a local bandit.
455 ::: Eliminators (2016) ::: action ::: A former US Federal Agent must abandon the witness protection program and come out of hiding when his London home is invaded in error due to a wrong address. When the event ends with multiple homicides, the news triggers those hunting him to send Europe's most dangerous assassin to kill him. Now on the run with his daughter's life in jeopardy, a determined father must get her to safety before the people he's been hiding from track him down.
456 ::: A Bite for Peace (2018) ::: documentary ::: A Bite For Peace is a traveling, family style dining experience created by chef and restaurant owner, Natalia Pereira. We invite everyone from every corner of the world to sit with us at our table, to join us in our mission to promote peace and build communities across the globe through the ceremony of sharing a home-cooked meal. "Food is a universal language. To sit around a table with each other is an important ritual because it gives us the chance to connect - even if we have nothing in common, food has the power to bring people together. At that moment we are all equal. It doesn't matter where you come from, we all need food just as much as we need empathy, respect and compassion." - Natalia Pereira.
457 ::: Agenda Illuminati: Supremacy of the New World Order (2016) ::: history ::: There is a sinister and secretive group of people that run the globe by controlling everything from the banks to the media. They achieve this by owning 99% of the world's wealth, despite the fact that they make up less than 1% of the population. They come from ancient family bloodlines and pass down their power from generation to generation. They have sacred rites and secret rituals, as well as a belief system that stretches back for thousands of years to their very origin. They spawned the religions, the royal families, global business and financial systems. They also benefit monetarily from the revolutions and wars they strategically create on an epic scale. They monitor everything we do and have devised methods to manipulate our thoughts and actions. We are all in their service without even realizing it. For thousands of years they have been doing this with one goal in sight - complete and total supremacy on Earth. This is the darkest, untold tale of the war to control the masses. This is the story of what they believe, what they do, how they do it and why. While they have many names, they have but one origin and purpose. However by using previously unknown and secret sources we will reveal them. This is the Illuminati.
458 ::: Return to Start (2012) ::: drama ::: Fulfilling a promise to her father, Vera, a children's entertainer, drives from Arizona to New Jersey. She hopes to connect with her roots and reassess her life. Anthony, a bank manager, moves to NJ to be with his girlfriend. After five years together, he wonders if he has settled for life. After a brief exchange at his work, Vera and Anthony discover themselves at a similar crossroads. They begin to find friendship and seek solace in each other.
459 ::: The Wailer 2 (2007) ::: horror ::: Legend says that evil haunts the river where a woman drowned her children for the love of an undeserving man. Now she searches through the dark regions and black recesses of the damned possessing the doomed. They say she wanders in the dark crying for her lost children. They say if you see her... run.
460 ::: Rice Cultivation in Bali & the System of Rice Intensification (SRI) ::: short ::: A new method of planting rice in Bali is protecting indigenous seed stocks, traditions and livelihoods, thanks to a local organization's commitment to sharing knowledge and skills in sustainable permaculture practices. The System of Rice Intensification (SRI), developed originally in Madagascar, is a method of cultivating rice that can double the yield of conventional rice harvests, while requiring 90% less seed, 80% less water, and no chemical inputs. The impacts of this new method are far-reaching, offering more income for farmers and their families, as well as a healthier environment for future generations. The Paradigm Shift Project has documented these impacts and the needs of the local community for more training workshops on the SRI method, led by local Balinese organization Tri Hita Karana Bali.
461 ::: "Health Inspectors" (2012) ::: reality-tv ::: Health Inspectors features restaurants facing do-or-die stakes. Having failed their most recent health inspection, these restaurants have a second inspection right around the corner, which could literally make or break the business. With 15 years in the food service industry, our expert consultant Ben Vaughn will be called upon to re-vamp the way these restaurants function. Whether it's Marinara sauce that the kitchen staff leaves out uncovered for days and still serves, or a fridge that has rotting foods spreading disease, Ben will do more than just help the restaurant make the grade. He'll make sure the staff is 100% retrained on the safest and healthiest practices and procedures to use moving forward.
462 ::: Kesher Ir (1999) ::: drama ::: The movie focuses on a modern couple, Eva (Dafna Rechtner) and Robby (Scharonn Alexander) and their rocky relationship. Robby is an accountant and a hypochondriac, Eva works in a shop specializing in erotic toys for women, and they have an eight-year-old son named Jonah. The routine of daily life is disrupted by the sudden appearance of the 'catalyzing stranger,' the charming and slightly alcoholic Emanuel (director Jonathan Sagall himself), who was Eva's childhood sweetheart and also an old buddy of Robby. Emanuel's influence is felt strongly by all members of the household, including little Jonah, whom he teaches to be tough on the street. But the most drastic change is in Eva, whose sexual feelings are rekindled. After the drunken intrusion of Emanuel into her bed one night, Eva lands in an anonymous sex club. Robby's reaction is to plunge into a crazy affair with a woman named Nelly, who regularly places ads in the lonely hearts columns of newspapers and is somewhat involved with an aging theatre director. In the meantime, the audience is supposed to wonder, who is the real father of Jonah, Robby, or Emanuel?
463 ::: MisAdventures of J Davis Presents: The Hostile Takeover (2011) ::: comedy ::: The Hostile Takeover is a tale of how an average pizza delivery guy named Jay gets caught in the middle of the largest territorial war in the city's history. As Jay avoids being killed by both sides in this brutal war, he also must prove his innocence to a trigger happy detective who believes he is the catalyst to it all.
464 ::: Kritik (2018) ::: short ::: The film deals with the topic of cultural criticism and its perception. There are a lot of cliches about critics that are worked into the film. The main character is a theatre critic. She becomes the victim of cliches and prejudice but still manages to rise professionally and takes revenge. It's a short about theatre, theatre criticism and criticism on theatre criticism and also that not all cliches are unfounded.
465 ::: Joey (1975) ::: drama ::: Violent and dramatic events dog the life of hot headed rebel Chris Townes. Drifting from one menial job to another, where he finds resentment and eventually arrest, he finaly loses his apartment and leaves in a rage. Chris meets Mindy and saves her from the hands of a violent gang. To thank him she introduces him to a happier way of life. Then suddenly, this new world is shattered by the most horrific event in Chris's turbulent life.
466 ::: S.W.A.T. 4 (2005) ::: action ::: SWAT 4 is a tactical shooter video game where you lead an elite squad of police tactical experts and are tasked to bring order to a series of highly volatile scenarios involving hostages, civilians, suspects and other law enforcement officers. The rules of engagement are strict. Lethal force isn't authorized unless a suspect shoots first or points a firearm at a fellow officer or civilian.
467 ::: Seasons of Life (2006) ::: drama ::: Lauren has obtained her childhood dream of a perfect storybook life, living in a peaceful mountain community with her soul mate and two children. Then one day, tragedy strikes. In an instant, her husband and children are taken away. Filled with guilt and despair she spirals down onto the streets of homelessness in Los Angeles. Lost and without hope she meets a stranger; Angela Washington and by her grace Lauren finds hope and strength to continue.
468 ::: Someday Melissa (2011) ::: documentary ::: Melissa Avrin lost her five year battle with bulimia on May 6, 2009. Her mother, Judy Avrin, has since become a crusader - her mission is to expose the incidence and insidiousness of Eating Disorders with the intent of preventing further suffering so that Melissa's death was not in vain. In Melissa's Journal there was one entry that stood out from the rest. 'Someday.... I'll eat breakfast I'll keep a job for more than 3 weeks I'll have a boyfriend for more than 10 days I'll love someone I'll travel wherever I want I'll make my family proud I'll make a movie that will change lives' And so Someday Melissa was born.....
469 ::: Aaron's Russian Boy Orgy (2001) ::: adult ::: This orgy begins through translation by identifying sex roles, performance, and hygiene from Lawrence to the seven Russian boys. Then Lawrence instigates his orgy for video. As bonus footage, Lawrence films Maxim & Timo and the large crowd at the first McDonald's in Russia. They have lunch.
470 ::: That's Life (2017/I) ::: drama ::: That's Life is the story of 3 generations of Moon Men living under the same roof. The dramaody centers around Rick, who lives with his fun loving father Jacob and his son Chuck who is a drug dealer, but wants out of the business. Rick also battles his weight at Lean Watchers, while also crushing on a girl in the meeting named Roseanne. Rick attempts to steer his son away from bad things, while also keeping an eye on his father who's health is failing. Rick watches as more of his father fades away. In end this will lead to tragic results.
471 ::: My Stolen Revolution (2013) ::: documentary ::: As a student, the director managed to flee revolutionary Iran. Many who stayed behind did not survive. When there are renewed protests in Teheran 30 years later, she goes looking for a couple of other survivors who fled. An emotional, very personal documentary.
472 ::: Sjunga slutet nu (2012) ::: short ::: A mysterious film about loneliness and death. Theodora lives in her house somewhere in the forests of Sweden. Vissen, a young boy with a broken arm, is her closest friend. In Theodora's kitchen Sot is resting in a pile of flour. Then their world is struck by a song and all goes on as usual.
473 ::: Scenes From a Not-So-Future Dystopia (2017) ::: comedy ::: 'Scenes From a Not-So-Future Dystopia' is an anthology sketch series that takes a surreal look at potential worlds we could find ourselves in if current events continue on the present trajectory. Part dystopian novel, part political satire, and full millennial nightmare, 'Scenes From a Not-So-Future Dystopia' tackles the realities of the State of our Nation with humor.
474 ::: Second to Die (2002) ::: thriller ::: Sara thought she'd finally found happiness when she escaped a life of poverty and abuse to marry Jim Bratchett. Sara's happiness is short-lived when she discovers that Jim has an invalid daughter. Trapped as a full time caretaker, Sara considers leaving Jim until she discovers a million dollar life insurance policy.
475 ::: Spiderhole (2010) ::: horror ::: Molly, together with her three art student friends, embark upon a mission to find an empty house in London, with the view to the living as squatters, free from rent, and free to party. Having found the ideal squat, they break in and go about the merry business of dressing the stark interior to reflect their artistic selves. Darkness pervades their new dwelling place, a darkness through which they discover the full implications of their intrepid choice. A nightmare unfolds that traps the viewer and protagonists alike in a terrifying and unforgiving new reality. Who or what is orchestrating their bloody demise and why? The house appeared to be empty and yet a malevolent force is clearly at work.
476 ::: Beyond the Mirror Rim (2016) ::: short ::: The shift in our way of thinking and how we see the world as a result of technical and social change becomes strikingly tangible in the ubiquitous phenomenon of reflections. The film presents fascination and fear, our superstition and thirst for knowledge from ancient myths to the technoid 21st century. BEYOND THE MIRROR RIM is the last part of my perception trilogy. Words, sounds and pictures seem to be independent, disconnected as the appearance of light, shadow and reflexion themselves, if you begin to explore them.
477 ::: Colony Wars: Vengeance (1998) ::: sci-fi ::: Set in 4671, a century after the events of Colony Wars. In the canonical ending, the League of Free Worlds successfully fights the Earth Empire's Colonial Navy into a last stand in the Sol system, where the Navy surprisingly holds their ground. The League pulls out all forces from the system and closes the warp hole, cutting Sol off from the universe. Now devoid of access to fresh resources as a result of the closure, the Empire degrades into civil war over the succeeding decades. Only the appearance of a man named Kron and his brand of anti-League propaganda somehow keeps the Empire together.
478 ::: Human Lampshade: A Holocaust Mystery (2012) ::: documentary ::: A unusual lampshade discovered in a New Orleans junk pile in the wake of Hurrican Katrina may be a gruesome relic of the Holocaust. Author Mark Jacobson travels throughout the United States and Europe in an effort to investigate possible proof that the Nazis made lampshades from human skin.
479 ::: Nordeste Sangrento (1962) ::: action ::: Cowboy escaping from the drought in the Northeast Brazil meets some officers led by a cruel lieutenant, whose main objective was to catch organized outlaws and invade the small town of Juazeiro. They arrest and torture him, hoping he would tell them the whereabouts of Padre Cícero, a prominent religious leader of the place. But he manages to escape and arrives in Juazeiro. The police invade the city and arrest the believers who were celebrating a party for Padre Cícero.
480 ::: Silas Marner: The Weaver of Raveloe (1985) ::: drama ::: In 19th-century England, a misanthropic weaver named Silas Marner hoards his gold. But his life changes when his gold is stolen, and then a baby girl wanders into his life. He raises little Eppie, but her real father is not far away. Silas Marner is a respected member of the small 19th Century rural religious community of Lantern Yard, but his world is shaken when he is wrongfully accused of a theft and expelled as a pariah. He settles anonymously in the town of Raveloe in a hermit-like existence in an isolated cottage. His weaving skills and penurious lifestyle help him amass a small fortune over the next fifteen years, but he is devastated when Dunstan Cass, the wastrel son of the local squire, steals his hidden hoard of gold and disappears. Shortly thereafter, the despondent Marner discovers an orphaned little girl whom he adopts as his own. Unbeknownst to him the child's father is Godfrey Cass, Dunstan's brother, who fears the consequences of revealing the child's true paternity.
481 ::: Detour (2010/I) ::: short ::: Detour is the story of a Hitman and a little girl named Sam. Sam is a hard-working little 10-year-old girl who cares after her 700-pound, bed-ridden mother. Unbeknown to her, she suddenly becomes the interest of a Hitman who comes upon her while chasing after his latest Target. After numerous attempts to befriend the young girl, the Hitman is unsuccessful. Distraught, the Hitman gets back into character and goes back to work tracking down his Target and unleashing much of his frustration on him. As it turns out though, the Hitman soon realizes that his life and that of his latest victim are coincidentally, tragically intertwined. Detour is about the winding road of choices and how one road may lead to new beginnings. A relationship that seems to have no resolution and an opportunity for reconciliation lead to a totally different road of redemption. This is what happens when two different lives take a 'DETOUR'.
482 ::: Virginia (1998) ::: drama ::: Set and filmed in Denver, Virginia lifts its story out of the skyscrapers, red-brick houses and mountain skyline of Denver. Nineteen-year-old Charles Sarrison is determined to become a physicist and could care less about anything or anyone else, including his humanitarian mother, who is trying desperately to hold together a failing day-care center for disadvantaged kids. One day Charles begrudgingly takes some day-care kids on a field trip and comes across Virginia Culver, a beautiful young woman whom he has known since high school. She is alone, crying, and trying to conceal an inflamed left cheek. Charles invites her along on the trip, and the two begin a relationship that eventually changes Charles' life in a profound way, when Virginia reveals the violent mysteries of her past. Her secrets teach Charles to appreciate his own good fortune. Virginia's original jazz score mixes the more traditional elements of Wynton Marsalis with the more experimental stylings of Pat Metheny.
483 ::: The House Next Door (2017) ::: horror ::: The movie opens with an ancient Chinese mother and daughter. They seem to spend happy moments with each other with the mother being pregnant. The movie then moves to the present where a happy couple Krish [Siddharth] and Lakshmi [Andrea Jeremiah] make love, bringing in their memories of the times they met and how their love blossomed. They suddenly notice that a new family move in to the next house. Krish is a doctor who uses electrodes inserted into the brain to bring sensation to numb fingers. He is close to another doctor, Dr.Prasad, who is a psychiatrist.
484 ::: O agnostos ekeinis tis nyhtas (1972) ::: drama ::: Aris, a race driver, meets a guy who looks incredibly like him. With evident curiosity he tries to find out, from his friend Dimitris, who this identical "stranger" is. He finds out that his name is Kyriakos and that he works in a car-repair shop. Kyriakos too, however, who is involved with Foteini, is informed of Aris' existence and also, from his own father, he finds out that Aris is his twin brother who had been given up for adoption to a well-off gentleman, Kaisaris. The latter, as Ntiana, Aris' friend, finds out, wanted a son to inherit his vast fortune. Ntiana helps Kyriakos become a singer, while at the same time blackmailing Kaisaris. In the end, the two brothers find out everything, and Kaisaris is forced to sabotage Kyriakos' car, so as to put him out of the running in the forthcoming race. At the last minute, however, Aris takes Kyriakos' place. The weak (as usually) heart (of Kaisaris) fails, but Kyriakos manages to save his brother from an undeserved death.
485 ::: Weiner (2016) ::: documentary ::: Serving seven consecutive terms, 'Anthony Weiner' (qv), good friends with and political allies to the Clintons, was once a highly respected member of Congress from New York City, he seen as a man sticking up for the every day person. That all changed in June, 2011 when he was forced to resign in disgrace after admitting that he did tweet lewd "headless" photos of himself from his public Twitter account to women he met online, and that it was not the work of a hacker or that the photos were of someone else. At the time, his wife 'Huma Abedin' (qv), herself a key aide to 'Hillary Clinton' (qv), was pregnant with their first child, she who decided to stand by her man. Two years later with Abedin still by his side, Weiner tries to resurrect his political career in a run for New York City mayor. He realizes that he has an uphill battle not only because of the known previously tweeted photos, but that there are other lewd photos from that era that may also come to light during the campaign. Regardless of the 2011 resignation, Weiner may not want to admit that any wrongdoing in his personal life should affect his ability to do his job as a politician, congressman, mayor or otherwise. He is probably well aware that the behavior associated with the tweeted photos will dog him during the entire election campaign - with some voters not caring what he does in his personal life, some never willing to forgive or forget such behavior, and some in the middle, those who he has to convince to vote for him. But will the collective "they" - including his campaign staff and Abedin - care and forgive a second time around if the behavior has continued, especially if he did or does not own up to it?
486 ::: Quantez (1957) ::: western ::: After a bank robbery, Heller and his small gang are on the run from the posse. The gang intends to cross the border into Mexico but their horses are tired. The outlaws decide to make a stopover in the town of Quantez to rest and feed the horses. Heller is a brutal and cynical man who treats his woman, Chaney, with disdain and contempt. Gentry is Heller's second-in-command and he proves to be an experienced and wise gunfighter from the old days. Eastern gunslinger Teach is a newcomer to the West and he's green but eager, with an added touch of gentlemanly chivalry towards women. When Heller treats Chaney bad, Teach defends her, causing violent clashes between himself and Heller. Gentry has to step in and separate the two before they kill each other over Chaney. The last member of the gang, Gato, is a white man who was raised by the Apache and considers himself to be Apache. He is useful to the gang because he knows the region well, he can speak Apache dialects and can use many Apache tricks to throw off the pursuing posse. When the gang reaches the town of Quantez it is shocked to see a deserted ghost town. Nevertheless, they decide to rest there for the night. Gato goes in the night to scout around and he finds an Apache spear with a message that anyone still found in town after sunrise will be killed. Gato realizes there are Apaches around but decides to keep this information to himself. With Apaches lurking around and Heller trying to kill Teach over pretty Chaney it doesn't look like the gang will ever reach Mexico.
487 ::: Khuli Khidki (1989) ::: crime ::: Businessman S.K. Dharampal lives a wealthy lifestyle in India along with his socialite wife, Shobha, a college-going son, Vijay, and a well-endowed house-maid named Chhamiya. He does not approve of his wife spending too much time away from home, usually at gyms and Mahila Mandal meetings. To make matters worse, he is asked to meet with Dr. A.K. Jayant, a Psychiatrist, who had apprehended Vijay peeping on women who were being intimate with their spouses. The doctor asks Mr. Dharampal and Shobha to keep a close eye on the sexually aroused Vijay and ensure that he does not do this again. Dr. Jayant is also concerned about Vijay as he finds his pretty daughter, Neetu, has fallen in love with him. Then Mr. Dharampal gets a visit from the Police - who claim that Vijay is on the run after killing a woman named Nisha Sahay, who is the wife of Avinash, and a close friend of Shobha. The question remains did Vijay really kill Nisha, and if so, what was his motive?
488 ::: Roji e: Nakagami Kenji no nokoshita firumu (2001) ::: documentary ::: Kenji Nakagami one of the most notable Japanese writers of the post-war died in 1992. Is work reveals a strong connection to is homeland, Kishu: a mountainous region which connects to the pacific ocean trough a river. "To The Alley" (alternative title) is a documentary about Kenji's life. Recurring to 16 mm images from the writer's personal archive and adding new footages the director Aoyama travels trough the paths of the life and art of the Japanese writer.
489 ::: A Cry in the Wilderness (1974) ::: thriller ::: The father of a wilderness family gets bitten by a skunk, and fearing rabies, chains himself to a barn to protect his family should he go mad. He orders his son not to come near him no matter how persuasive or rational his appearance or argument. However, the creek dries up, indicating an upstream blockage and an imminent flood. Several trips upstream by the son have failed to locate the blockage and now Dad wants to be released...
490 ::: Nachavule (2008) ::: romance ::: When a mother tells her son Luv, that he could get anything in life and all he had to do was wish hard for it, little did she know that her son would wish for plenty of girlfriends. Luv also had the notion that getting the first girl was difficult, but after that they would queue up for him. His hunch is right and after he befriends Anu, his life changes and with the new look Anu gives him, girls suddenly find him hot and besiege him. He takes the affection of Anu for granted and flirts with every girl that comes his way. Anu, heartbroken decides to leave him alone and go away. When his mother passes away and his grief-stricken father confides in him about how he had taken the love of his mother for granted all his life, Luv realises how he had taken the affection of Anu for granted. He leaves home to find Anu and set the wrong, right.
491 ::: "Dark Days in Monkey City" (2009) ::: documentary ::: The Temple Troop has dominated Monkey City for years, but times are changing. Internal friction and power plays for the throne weaken them. And their ancient foes, the Black Claws, dream of overthrowing them and their home - the food-rich Fig Tree Vale.
492 ::: "Undercovers (working title)" (????) ::: drama ::: The Age of Stupid team joins forces with Simon Beaufoy, Alice Nutter and Tony Garnett for a new TV drama series about the police spies who infiltrated British activist groups and the women who unwittingly had relationships and even children with the spies.
493 ::: The Limits (2007) ::: drama ::: Sanjeet is an Electrical Engineer from Bombay, who immigrated to the United States of America with his wife, Satia. They had a young son, Vishi, who passed away years ago. Unable to get employment, Sanjeet now operates a motel and charges about $45/day. He often refuses customers who maybe unable to pay or create problems. He accordingly refuses to permit Tyrel for a room for a night, but Satia intervenes - and he not only permits but also hires him, - and lets him live amongst his other tenants, which include a suicidal author; a abused wife hunted by her angry spouse - leading to a chain of events that will alter their lives forever.
494 ::: Gharibe (1972) ::: drama ::: Ghasem (Behrouz Vosooghi) after getting released from the prison goes after his friend Abbas in the south. He there first has a fight with a guy who caused him to be jailed and then meets a girl Zarry. But he knows that her father who is rich will not agree with him to marry her so with the help of his friend Abbas takes the girl and escapes to Tehran. This causes many troubles for him.
495 ::: The Man Who Sculpted Hares: Barry Flanagan, a Life (2012) ::: documentary ::: World-renowned, shamanistic artist Barry Flanagan was one of the world's foremost figurative sculptors, with his work exhibited in streetscapes such as Park Avenue in New York, the Champs Elysées in Paris and O'Connell Street in Dublin. His trademark hare sculptures marked him out as an innovator and he once described himself as an English-speaking itinerant European sculptor. In this documentary, one-man filmmaker Peter Bach embarks on a personal journey by making a vow to Flanagan, who at the time is wrestling with motor neuron disease on the island of Ibiza, that he will travel the world and bring back footage of strangers by his public works and film the artist watching them as he wrestles with his disease. This journey of discovery takes us across Europe and the United States and is a celebration and homage to Flanagan's work.
496 ::: Snowflake #5391 (????) ::: documentary ::: Charles Robert is an American attorney who has spent his entire life fighting for his elderly clients in need of social security benefits. This leads him into a legal quest to uncover classified documents that will the government is spying on American citizens. However, as he gets closer to the truth, the government puts Charles in their cross hairs, ruining his career with scandal and false allegations. His wife and two children support Charles in his legal battle with fast wit and love. Now in their forties, his children have lived with their father's obsession for their entire lives. Real-world consequences pile up around Charles, and family tensions are brought to the surface. The rabbit hole deepens when Charles discovers redacted CIA documents referring to him by a code name: SnowFlake #5391. The CIA will barely acknowledge the existence of these documents about him and fight tooth and nail for decades in the courts to withhold this evidence. Piece by piece, Charles puts together a picture of a government working in the shadows, writing laws in secret, justifying unprecedented spying and information access. As the case takes over Charles's life, his family worries that Charles is becoming unhinged. His wife Joan starts to work at the law firm, taking it over after the government sets Charles up to take the fall in a major scandal. His jovial son Jay follows his father's footsteps to become a lawyer and helps his mother as she struggles to keep the family law firm intact. Jay struggles to support his father, and, as time passes he grows skeptical, pointing out inconsistencies in parts of Charles's theories. Joan goes on to win the same award that Charles won years before, a high honor in a field that still loves Charles as one of its founders and biggest activists of the elder law field. When the Snowden leak gives Americans their first peak into illegal surveillance, Charles starts to look a lot less crazy. With Trump becoming president and artificial intelligence exponentially increasing access to metadata of every American citizen, people are now realizing the dangers of the Orwellian nightmare Charles has long understood. Buckle up for a gonzo roller-coaster ride that spans from the Iran Contra affair to the Snowden Leaks to the Hilary emails. Step through the looking glass into the secrets of a turn-key totalitarian state that is quietly stealing information from the devices we all use in our everyday lives and leaking that information into the halls of the executive branch. Is Charles Robert, aka SnowFlake #5391, absolutely correct, totally insane, or is he both? Log line New York attorney Charles Robert fights to prove the government is spying on American citizens with misappropriated social security benefit money stolen from his elderly clients. As his charming family supports Charles in his obsession, they keep the family law firm from collapsing and continue to defend America's elderly and our basic personal rights. Short Synopsis Charles Robert is an American attorney who has spent his entire life fighting for his elderly clients in need of social security benefits. This leads him into a legal quest to uncover classified documents that will prove the government is spying on American citizens. However, as he gets closer to the truth, the government puts Charles in its cross hairs, ruining his career with scandal and false allegations. His wife and two children support Charles in his legal battle with fast wit and love. Now in their forties, his children have lived with their father's obsession their entire lives. Real-world consequences pile up around Charles, and family tensions are brought to the surface. The rabbit hole deepens when Charles discovers redacted CIA documents referring to him by a code name: SnowFlake #5391. The CIA barely acknowledges the existence of these documents about him and fight tooth and nail for decades in the courts to withhold this evidence. Piece by piece, Charles puts together a picture of a government working in the shadows, writing laws in secret, justifying unprecedented spying and information access.
497 ::: Vincit Qui Patitur (2001) ::: documentary ::: Memories of Countess Anna de Grenaud-Stancioff range over some of the most important and dramatic periods of Bulgarian modern history -from 1887 to 195. Even nowadays, her penetrating look makes fit for interpreting countless aspects of the palace, diplomatic and political life of the country. The film tries to find in the memories of the past the answers to the questions of today, commented by the grandson of the Countess -eminent diplomat and public figure Ivan Stanchoff.
498 ::: "Mazah fi jad" (2005) ::: drama ::: "Mazah fi Jad" (Seriously Joking) features three families - two Muslim and one Christian in the Bethlehem area. Focusing on the problems of everyday life for ordinary Palestinians, particularly the young, the story follows the Abu Ali family, the Um Sami family, the Abu Saleh family, and their friends; as the characters deal with social issues related to love, marriage, high unemployment, nepotism, corruption, and traditions versus modernity in family affairs. The storyline comments on the lives of Palestinian youth with a focus on their needs and ambitions as they experience university and the challenges of living in Palestine.
499 ::: Keep a Baby (2008) ::: comedy ::: Paul Banks is an overworked dad who loves his boy but has trouble fitting in enough time with him. When the babysitter he hires decides she can give the boy a better life, Paul and his friends have to race cross country to get him back, encountering Scotsmen, talkative bathroom patrons, and more along the way!
500 ::: "Blow Your Own Trumpet" (2016) ::: comedy ::: Chloe Anderson believes the fate of America falls on her jolly swag-man shoulders. Chloe's concern about Donald Trump's rising popularity forces her to travel to America and convince the people to do what's right. With her cameraman, Brian, and her never-failing eagerness (along with her adorable ignorance), Chloe is determined to keep America the (second) greatest country in the world.
501 ::: (Astro) Turf Wars (2010) ::: documentary ::: From the Tea Parties to the healthcare and climate wars, America's conservative citizens have revolted against the Obama agenda. But are these grassroots actions in fact examples of 'astroturfing'? - The practice of manufacturing citizens groups for the purpose of delivering corporate messages?
502 ::: Mauprat (1926) ::: drama ::: Set before the French Revolution, the film tells the story of Bernard De Mauprat, a noble orphan, raised by despicable aristocrats, who is saved from the gallows by his cousin Edmée and his father, the knight Hubert De Mauprat. The return of Bernard causes tensions within Mauprat's family since him tries to win the heart of his cousin Edmée (Knight of La Marche's fiancée) after obtaining her pledge of loyalty under a certain threat of rape.
503 ::: Bellavista (2006) ::: documentary ::: Sappada is a linguistic enclave of the Plodar dialect, which is spoken in the Carnian Alps in northern Italy. The black and white film documentation centers around Giuliana who returned home to her parents' Bellavista hotel in Sappada after having stayed abroad, studied German, after two serious accidents and her brothers' suicide. Searching for creative space as redemption, she reflects upon the inner conflict in her life, feels that the dialect can be seen as a "home". Bellavista is far away from being an ethnographic study, as Schreiner links Giulianas perception with her extraordinary environment.
504 ::: Maazii (2013) ::: thriller ::: Tarun and his wife Shrishti are living a happy life with there daughter . One day to save the Honor of a woman Tarun accidentally kills two gangsters. After this his black past unfolds and starts haunting his present life. Tarun has to go back to his roots and get out of his past to make his family secure and happy.
505 ::: Carnival (1921) ::: drama ::: An actor playing Othello in a stage production of Shakespeare's play becomes jealous of his wife's supposed infidelity and seems bound to kill her in the scene in which she, enacting Othello's falsely accused wife Desdemona, is murdered by her jealous husband.
506 ::: Innocence (2013/V) ::: short ::: After the fall of the empire Britannia fell into chaos, invaded and attacked no one had peace. From this chaos an isolated mercenary travels these lands selling his services of the sword comes to find a young chieftains daughter, only survivor of her desolated village. Emotionally weakened by her, his honorable and protective feelings bind them on a journey thwart with danger.
507 ::: "Schlock Shock Radio" (2013) ::: horror ::: As ex-bandit, Shaw (SCOTT GLEINE), travels aboard the 1800's Central Pacific Railroad towards a better life in California, he befriends a mysterious school teacher, Ms. Josephine Tate (STEPHANIE LAFFERTY), and before long the two discover that not all is as it seems on board the FRIGHT TRAIN!
508 ::: Alamaya (2013) ::: animation ::: The tale of a 9-year-old boy named Jian - a shy, unassuming child living in the quaint and bustling small town neighbourhood of SS2, Malaysia. Growing up in his mother's flower shop, nosy neighbours, rusty grills and quirky signboards were about all that made up Jian's world.
509 ::: The Sid Saga Part 2 (1987) ::: short ::: Starting where _The Sid Saga Part 1 (1985)_ (qv) leaves off, 'Sid Laverents' (qv) continues to tell his life story. It's now 1927, Sid is nineteen years old, and is trying to make a career in vaudeville with his twenty-four year old girlfriend, Sue, in a novelty act, which on his side is his one-man band. Although they would get married a year later, they billed their act as a brother/sister one. They wanted to make it big in New York, but hit the theaters there, in their hometown of Jacksonville, Florida, and everywhere else in-between. They realized they had to travel to make a living since their act was a novelty one that would wear thin in one place. A natural disaster during one stint in Elba, Alabama not only threatened to wipe out their act, but to wipe them out literally. The advent of the talkies and the Great Depression would kibosh their vaudeville career. Taking odd jobs, both on and off the stage, over the next ten years would take its toll, and lead in part to the end of the marriage. His single life would not last long as he quickly married a woman named Stella, a waitress in a club where he was performing. That marriage would have its continual problems. The advent of WWII would lead to a military stint, and being shipped overseas into the Pacific theater. However, he got out of it a technical education in sheet metal work, a 'round the world trip, and knowledge of the fact that he had a genius IQ. Part two of his story ends with the end of the war, with the story continuing in _The Sid Saga Part 3 (1989)_ (qv).
510 ::: "Undercover Coach" (2008) ::: comedy ::: Kids are surprised when their sporting heroes drop in on them in their own backyard. Much excitement, some great tips and more than a little comedy ensues.
511 ::: Os Amores da Pantera (1977) ::: crime ::: During an orgy of millionaires, a woman is mysteriously kidnapped and killed. The crime causes quite a stir in local society, as the investigations points to a very known addicted playboy. Although it's never said, the film is vaguely based on a real case happened in 1975, when socialite Ângela Diniz was killed by her lover Doca Street, in Búzios, Brazil.
512 ::: Ci mu lei (1953) ::: drama ::: A woman struggles to bring up three children after the death of her husband. Her eldest son, on whom she has placed great hope, shames her with his dishonesty. Her daughter, the middle child, is vain. The youngest child, however, makes her proud. Eventually, the two of them are left alone when disaster befalls the other children.
513 ::: The White Devil (????/II) ::: thriller ::: An American teen is sent to a prestigious London boarding school in hopes of overcoming his delinquent past. After discovering the school is haunted by a vengeful former student, he must put the ghost to rest in order to save everyone's lives.
514 ::: "Villa-Lobos and the String Quartet" (2012) ::: music ::: Villa-Lobos is Brazil's most important and well-known Classical Music composer. He is also the most prolific String Quartet composer of the 20th century with 17 full works portrayed in this Complete Works series, where Luminaires like Turibio Santos, president of the Brazilian Academy of Music and the 4 musicians of the Radamés Gnattali String Quartet, performers of the series, take their time to analyze his approach to composition, his influences and definitive passion for the country of Brazil. Villa-Lobos and The String Quartets is a musical documentary that portrays the composer and the city that inspired him. Rio De Janeiro, Brazil. The seventeen compositions recorded by the Quartet Radames Gnatalli in these albums form a synthesis of musical production of Heitor Villa-Lobos. Its breeding period extending between the years 1915 and 1957. Opening a window to the most significant phases of the composer and giving options to see technical and aesthetic ambitions of different moments of his career. Recorded between June 2010 and September 2011 in the Presidential Palace, and Palace of the Laranjeiras and Municipal Theater of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
515 ::: Os Normais: O Filme (2003) ::: comedy ::: The film shows the day when Rui and Vani first met. It was at their wedding (with other partners). Vani was going to marry Sérgio, and Rui would marry Marta in the same church, following Vani's marriage. While waiting for the ceremony, they begin to talk. Complications ensue. Rui and Vani return to the church where they got married just the previous day to try to cancel their wedding with the priest. The problem is that they haven't married one with another! They tell the priest the whole story: Vani married Sérgio, and Rui married Marta. But problems begin in the first night of the new married couples, and confusion emerges when Vani discovers that Sérgio has had sex with another woman the night before the marriage and seeks shelter in Rui and Marta's apartment, just across the street.
516 ::: Kinema no tenchi (1986) ::: drama ::: This is Japanese melo-dramatist director Yoji Yamada's ode to 1930s film production during the transition from silent film to talkies. With many loose associations we can see the rise of a young star Koharu Tanaka for the big New Year release entitled Floating Weeds.
517 ::: Vishwasghaat (1996) ::: action ::: Rammohan lives a poor lifestyle in India along with his grandson, Avinash, the only child of his late son, Indermohan. Rammohan is disappointed with Avinash as he always seems to be getting into trouble and fisticuffs. Quite unknown to him, Avinash makes a living by wrestling. Then one day Rammohan finds out that Avinash has got into a fight with a gangster named Yeda Topi, who had complained to the Police, and as a result Avinash had been arrested, held in a cell, and beaten up Police Inspector Inamdar. Rammohan arranges for Avinash's bail, but warns him not to get into trouble again. Instead of coming home, Avinash disappears for several days, compelling Rammohan to file a missing persons' report. Rammohan does get re-united with his grandson - only to find out that Avinash is not wanted by the Police for the murder of Yeda Topi, but he has also been masquerading as Dr. Sunil Verma, and romancing Sunil's mentally unstable girlfriend, Neha Khurana. Watch what impact these revelations have on their relationship.
518 ::: The Mako Project (????) ::: documentary ::: 3 artist hit the road surviving off their art and the kindness of strangers. Traveling over 5Thousand miles from Detroit to the west coast, and back searching for the meaning and purpose of life. A journey with ups, downs, highs, lows, and filled with the unexpected.
519 ::: Casualty: The Kids Aren't Alright (2012) ::: drama ::: Jeff and Dixie take stock of their marital situation as riots raged around their immobile ambulance.
520 ::: Resistance is Life (2017) ::: documentary ::: From a refugee camp on the Turkish-Syrian border, an 8-year-old girl, EVLIN, characterizes the resistance of her homeland. Her heroes, the Kurdish female fighters, are defending the city of Kobane against the onslaught by ISIS militants. The power of the human spirit emanates through Evlin as she shows us that hope and resilience prevail even in the most tragic of circumstances. Evlin takes us on a journey that introduces the many different faces of the resistance on both sides of the border and provides a unique look at the extraordinary spirit behind the first major victory against ISIS.
521 ::: Dubai: A City of Dreams (2010) ::: documentary ::: DUBAI: A CITY OF DREAMS sheds light on the land most people only know for its huge skyscrapers and lavish amenities. The ruler of Dubai, Sheikh Mohammad, dreamed of transforming a sleepy fishing village into the ultimate metropolis of the 21st century. To make his dream come true, he turned Dubai into the biggest construction site the world has ever known. In just six years, he delivered the tallest building in the world, the most expensive hotel in the world, the biggest man-made island, the biggest shopping mall, the biggest airport and the longest fully automated metro in the world. This represents just 10% of his master plan. Creating a modern-day Rome at this speed has its price, however. That price coming at the cost of over one million cheap laborers. The laborers come from impoverished countries such as Pakistan, Bangladesh and Southeast Asia. Their dream is much simpler. They just want to feed their children back home and carve out better lives for themselves. Instead, they work twelve hour days, six days a week and make 50 cents to 1 dollar an hour. No overtime. No paid vacations. They live in gated labor camps hidden away from tourists. On top of this, they must repay their $5,000 they were forced to pay before even beginning work. Things got much worse with the financial collapse in 2009. Sheikh Mohammad was forced to revise his original plan and countless development projects were canceled. Many workers ended up losing their jobs proving that Dubai is a city of dreams... just not the one they had hoped for.
522 ::: Classic Rhythm and Blues Vol. 2 (1988/I) ::: documentary ::: Ben Sidran presents the classic rhythm blues performances of the 1980's with his personal insight into each song, the artist and the performance. Volume 2 features Long John Baldry, Nick Gravienties, John Mayall, Willie Murphy, John Sebastian, Bonnie Koloc and Lady Bianca.
523 ::: The Sacrifice of the Rose (????) ::: drama ::: A New York couple in a strained marriage of nine years, go on a business trip in the city of Florence, Italy in a last ditch effort to save their marriage. The trip together is cut short. Separately, they each chance upon an arrestingly Italian beautiful woman, whose spirit immediately attracts them. Fascinated by her beauty and her alarming honesty, they begin to struggle with the demons that have kept them from experiencing a fuller life. Unaware of their connection, she inspires them to rediscover who they are as they grow more closely involved with her.
524 ::: Manik (2005) ::: drama ::: Samir Mitra is an unemployed educated guy who is looking for a job. His father Abir Mitra is a retired person. Samir's mother is suffering from cancer. One day Samir suddenly meets Manik Chandra Sadhukhan. Manik's father is Niranjan Sadhukan, he is also ill. Latika is Manik's younger sister. Manik has come to Kolkata to meet his father's friend Chandrakanta Majumadar who is an established businessman. Manik meets with an accident on the way. Samir tries to save his life. Before his death Manik requests Samir to take care of his father and younger sister; he also tells Samir not to disclose the news of his accident. Manik gives Samir all required information. Samir becomes Manik; he meets Chandrakanta as Manik. Chandrakanta appoints him in his own office. Samir meets Chandrakanta's daughter Ria and wife Manju, Ria and Samir gradually fall in love but Samir feels uncomfortable whenever he thinks that when everybody will come to know the truth that he is not Manik then what will happen. From his salary he maintains his own family and Manik's family. Everybody is impressed with his behavior and honesty. Suddenly Niranjan and Latika come to Kolkata because Niranjan is unwell. Niranjan has lost his eyesight and there is some problem in his heart also. Samir tries to hide from Niranjan but every body comes to know the truth. Kartik Sen, the business rival of Chandrakanta, kidnaps Ria and demands ransom. Samir and Chandrakanta rescue her with the help of police. Samir donates his father's eye to Niranjan. Niranjan gets back his eyesight.
525 ::: Bird Without Borders (2009) ::: documentary ::: Found nowhere else on earth but the last few pockets of wilderness along East Asia's rugged coastline, the Black-Faced Spoonbill is a survivor. Twice a year this enigmatic bird undertakes a behemoth migration route that navigates through the heart of Asia, a part of the world where geopolitical tensions always run high. For the very first time this magnificent migration has been captured on full HD. This film documents an epic journey, 2000 kilometres from its wintering grounds in Taiwan, across coastal China and the Yellow sea, to the world's most dangerous flashpoint - the DMZ between North and South Korea and the bird's annual breeding ground.
526 ::: "Return to Mysterious Island" (2017) ::: animation ::: The story combines one survivor of the original cast from the Jules Verne book with memorable new characters drawn not only from Mysterious Island, but also from Verne's Master of the World. These adventures seek the lost island that holds the advanced scientific secrets of the legendary Captain Nemo.
527 ::: "Lock Up Special Investigation: Lake County Juvenile Justice" (2009) ::: news ::: From the confines of America's juvenile detention facilities to the razor wire of juvenile prison to the heart pounding juvenile courtroom hearings where everything is on the line, Lake County Juvenile Justice explores where juvenile crime begins, how it evolves, and what's at stake for kids, families and professionals in the system.
528 ::: 48 Hour Games (2012) ::: documentary ::: 48 Hour Games combines the up-close perspective of documentary film with the playful interactivity of its subject matter: The Nordic Game Jam. In an epic battle against time and their fellow participants, the Nordic Game Jam challenges computer game developers of all experience levels to create games with a given theme from scratch in just 48 hours. This interactive documentary offers a backstage pass into the event that catalyzed a worldwide movement in game-jamming, and insight into the minds of the 300+ developers who strive to triumph over time-pressure, creative differences, and sleep deprivation and make the best game of them all. With 48 Hour Games you are not simply a spectator, but also a player, deciding which characters to follow and favorite, unlocking extra video clips and achievements based on your actions, and exploring the winding road of multiple narratives. Choose your path, and experience the Nordic Game Jam as if you were actually there.
529 ::: The Downtown Show (1957) ::: music ::: Music based format with top recording stars in the "Downtowners" band. The program was designed as a syndicated program in association with local chambers of commerce to help bring back customers to the downtown areas of cities around the country. The show was one of the first integrated television shows featuring popular radio and television star Jimmie Jackson who hosted the show as well as played the guitar and sang. The show also featured Capitol Records top recording artist Jimmy Bryant. Black Jazz violinist and recording star, "Stuffy" Smith along with Black jazz percussionist and recording star, George Jenkins rounded out the "Downtowners" sound. A highlight of the show was television's Hollywood Hostess, Anita Coleman who offered the latest Hollywood gossip and guest stars. "The Downtown show" featured custom commercial loops that incorporated each local downtown spot so that the viewer had the feeling that these top artist were broadcasting right from their very own local Downtown.
530 ::: Going Where I've Never Been: The Photography of Diane Arbus (1972) ::: documentary ::: The work of photographer Diane Arbus as explained by her daughter, friends, critics, and in her own words as recorded in her journals. Illustrated with many of her photographs. Mary Clare Costello, narrator Themes: Arbus' quirky go-it-alone approach. Her attraction to the bizarre, people on the fringes of society: sexual deviants, odd types, the extremes, styles in questionable taste, poses and situations that inspire irony or wonder. Where most people would look away she photographed.
531 ::: West Memphis Three (????) ::: drama ::: The West Memphis Three attempts to tell the true story of an incident that occurred in West Memphis, Arkansas is May of 1993. Three young, eight-year old boys went missing one evening and were found brutally beaten and murdered the next morning. All three were bound, stripped nude and tortured before their untimely, agonizing deaths. One month later, after evidence went missing and suspects disappeared, the police arrested and charged, Damien Echols, Jessie Misskelley and Jason Baldwin, three local teenagers with the crime. Brought in initially as a character witness against Echols, Misskelley seems to know much more than he lets on. Despite being mentally handicapped, the boy is held and questioned relentlessly for twelve hours. And have the real killers been apprehended, or have the police merely found a group of patsies to satisfy the community's desire for controversy, guilt and blood?
532 ::: Bedniyat Luka (1979) ::: drama ::: 1920. Luka, a photographer, former freedom fighter for the liberation of Bulgaria, survives in the side skirts of life - forgotten and hated by others. Apostol, whose life Luka once saved brings the suitcase full of money. Apostol leaves the suitcase with Luka because he is convinced that he is the most honest person on earth. At the first moment, Luka is proud by his friend's trust. Time passes and no one comes to claim the money. The papers write that Apostol is killed. Luka's wife convinces him to open the suitcase, but he stops at the last moment. Apostol's brother comes to claim the suitcase. Luka is relieved. However, his wife tells him that she has opened the suitcase and taken half of money. Luka dies.
533 ::: Doolittle's Raiders: A Final Toast (2015) ::: documentary ::: On November 9 2013, 3 of the 4 surviving Doolittle's Raiders gathered at the National Museum of the United States Air Force near Dayton (Ohio) to drink a final toast to their fallen comrades, from a bottle of 1896 Hennessy cognac. They are the last of the 80 aircrew from an all-volunteer U.S. Army Air Corps B-25 bomber group that raided the Japanese home islands for the first time during World War II, barely four months after America's entry into the war. The audacious raid was seen as payback for Pearl Harbor, boosted the morale of America and China, and showed the Japanese their homeland was not invulnerable.
534 ::: Forget Baghdad: Jews and Arabs - The Iraqi Connection (2002) ::: documentary ::: A filmic reflection about the stereotypes of "Jew" and "Arab" through one hundred years of film, contrasted with the history of Jewish communists from Iraq. The protagonists are Shimon Ballas, a writer and professor of Arabic studies in Tel Aviv and Paris; the best-selling Israeli author Sami Michael from Haifa; Moshe Houri, a former dealer in real estate; writer Samir Naqqash who only publishes in the Arabic language and Ella Shohat, a Professor of Film and Cultural Studies in New York who has written a standard text on the Israeli film industry.
535 ::: "Gash" (2003) ::: comedy ::: Armando Iannucci hosts the satirical debate that aims to squeeze the day's events into half an hour of various jokes, clips and talk. Airing on every weeknight for only four days, "Gash" is timed to coincide with the May 1st 2003 UK local government elections. Written and filmed on the day, the show is intended to be as topical as possible.
536 ::: Bypass (2017) ::: thriller ::: In the children's ward of St Luke's Hospital, SAM COOPER (9) is waiting at the top of the transplant list for a new liver. His mother, DR LISA COOPER (40), head of cardiac surgery feels completely helpless, unable to save her son, despite saving her patients' lives every day. When a liver finally becomes available it is destroyed en route to the hospital. The alternative of an illegal organ becomes her only option. She turns her back on the system she has devoted her life to and secretly heads off to New Day Clinic in an unknown African country. Once behind the derelict walls of the facility, Sam is taken and used as a pawn to force Lisa into performing a heart transplant for a wealthy American patient, CLAYTON TAYLOR (62). Lisa's Hippocratic Oath and her mother's love are forced to collide on the operating table. Knowing that in order to harvest a heart and perform the transplant, she will need to take the life of a young, innocent girl to get Sam back. She quickly realizes that in this game, some lives are simply more valuable than others.
537 ::: Dubbel-8 (2000) ::: drama ::: The year is 1964 and it's summer in a little rural village in Dalarna, Sweden. The two friends Anders and Börje rides around with their mopeds, waiting for something to happen. Then suddenly from out of nowhere a girl gets off the bus in a short yellow skirt. It's Sofia - a plain copy of Brigitte Bardot. It's like if Anders and Börje have been blinded by the sun. They're both obssessed by sex and slowly starts to figure out how to see Sofia naked. Soon they get a brilliant idea... Why not make a movie and let Sofia have the leading role. Everything doesn't fall right into place, but this is the beginning of a summer with incidents and secrets that the boys even in their wildest dreams never could have believed.
538 ::: Perfidia (2014/II) ::: drama ::: .: PLOT:. Angelino is 35 years old and he has no girlfriend or job. His father doesn't understand His son, after His wife's death. Angelo (Stefano Deffenu) walks surrounded by the gray winter of nondescript provincial town. Without love or work, he spends his days in a squalid empty bar in the suburbs, daydreaming about the most banal normality. Peppino (Mario Olivieri) is a father who was never interested in his child, an old man conscious of not having much time to live. After his wife's death Peppino realizes Angelo, his son, and he realizes that he doesn't even know who he is ...
539 ::: Nossas Histórias (2014) ::: documentary ::: Nossas Histórias show the political trajectory of Angelina Dutra de Oliveira, Damares Lucena and Theodomiro Romeiro. Three people who fought against the military regime in Brazil and had their lives turned upside down by repression, the loss of loved ones, jail, torture and exile.
540 ::: The Ceremony (2013) ::: documentary ::: At 80 years of age, Colonel David Rokni is preparing to command the national ceremony of Israel's Independence Day. Just like in each of the last 30 years, he goes through an arduous series of training, routine formation and foot drills for the traditional military parade - a job no other person is capable of. A week before the ceremony, disaster strikes unexpectedly. For the first time, Rokni has to cope with an unfamiliar situation during a ceremony that would transform his life. At 80 years of age, Colonel David Rokni is preparing to command the national ceremony of Israel's Independence Day. Just like in each of the last 30 years, he goes through an arduous series of training, routine formation and foot drills for the traditional military parade - a job no other person is capable of. A week before the ceremony, disaster strikes unexpectedly. For the first time, Rokni has to cope with an unfamiliar situation during a ceremony that would transform his life.
541 ::: Calm at Sunset (1996) ::: drama ::: The 18 years old James Pfeiffer quits college and decides to become a fisherman like his father. Margaret and Russell are very upset with their son's decision. They had a lot of hopes for him, finishing law school and, like his older brother Joseph, make a decent living on shore rather than an uncertain and dangerous career at sea. James dreams of having his own boat though and is determined to persevere...
542 ::: "Steppers the High School Years" (2012) ::: drama ::: In this episode, we will meet the DJ and the contestants from the south and east side as well as the current freestyle champions.(Dino & Cat). The contenders dance and the prelim judges begin to eliminate the weak dancers and choose the finalist who will compete for the $25,000 High School Freestyle Steppers Contest.
543 ::: The Gourmet (1984) ::: drama ::: A rich old gourmet that has decided to taste all there is of exotic meals has already tried the most, even human flesh, when he gets a tip from a rich midget. The midget had tasted everything out of this world, and even something not of this world. In other words, a ghost. The gourmet gets very interested and the midget gives him the info that is needed. And once he has found a haunted place, all he has to do is wait for the ghost to turn up so he can have the most exotic meal in his career as a feinschmecker.
544 ::: "Ad.vert" (????) ::: comedy ::: After a disastrous pitch to a mega-corporation sees the American Dream slip through his fingers, advertising and marketing "guru" Michael finds himself promoting small, green and eco-friendly companies in a desperate attempt to pay the rent - and manage a collection of wacky yet wonderful employees and clients.
545 ::: The Mill on the Floss (1997) ::: drama ::: Lawyer Wakem takes away the mill on the river Floss from Edward Tulliver, whose ancestors owned it for 300 years, and becomes the worst enemy of Tulliver's family. When Edward's daughter, Maggie, grows up, she falls in love with Wakem's son Philip, but her brother Tom, true to the memory of their father, forbids her to meet him again. When she visits her cousin, Lucy Deane, Lucy's fiance Stephen Guest falls in love with Maggie at first sight, further complicating matters.
546 ::: Will of the Warrior (2013) ::: history ::: This behind-the-scenes documentary focuses on Marcus Luttrell, the lone survivor of a four-man Navy Seal team ambushed by the Taliban in 2005, and a consultant on the upcoming major motion picture 'Lone Survivor,' directed by Peter Berg and starring Mark Wahlberg. This documentary serves as a companion to Peter Berg's film Lone Survivor, based on former SEAL Marcus Luttrell's book of the same title. Will of the Warrior takes a deeper dive into the lives of the SEALs, examines their WILL to survive, and emphasizes the need to keep their story alive.
547 ::: Circles (2013/I) ::: drama ::: Greedy, an unapologetic, unaccountable, narcissistic street hustler, cares for nothing and no one besides himself. He lives on the edge and is unconcerned of who he affects or offends because, in his mind, this is his world and he's invincible in it. However, that all comes crashing down once he's made aware of some news that will forever change his life and the lives of those around him. Unable to cope and assume responsibility, Greedy goes on a whirlwind path of self-destruction, determined to punish those he feels have punished him instead of looking in the mirror and accepting that he's the culprit of this circle and its chain events.
548 ::: Hasti (1993) ::: action ::: Narang is an accomplished and wealthy industrialist who lives with his daughter, Neena, in a palatial home. His daughter is now of marriageable age, and he would like her to marry his associate's, Bhisham, son, Vicky. But Neena is in love with a much poorer man named Jaikishan alias Jaggu. When Neena informs her father that she would like to marry Jaggu, he summons Jaggu's mom, Shanti, and instantly recognizes her from his questionable past. He belittles her, humiliates her and asks her to leave his house. When Jaggu finds out he goes to meet Narang, and asks him to change his decision, but he too gets insulted, and is asked to leave, never to see nor speak to Neena again. Jaggu promises him that he will return within one year and by that time he will be even more wealthy than Narang. Jaggu befriends a homeless man named Vishal and together they set forth to meet Jaggu's deadline. Things are going pretty well for Jaggu, as he has been able to get a sizable loan from a bank, and has started his own construction business. This success has got him enemies, and one day someone places a bomb in his car. Jaggu survives, but is critically wounded and in need of blood. His blood group is the same as that of Vishal - but Vishal refuses to give any blood to save Jaggu. Shanti is shocked and appalled at this, and sets forth to find out why her son's closest friend refuses to help him in this dire time of need.
549 ::: "Hooray for Love" (2011) ::: romance ::: Kang Jae-mi is the daughter of divorced parents. Her father Kang Hyung-do cheated on her mother Oh Jung-hee, which led to their divorce. He is now married to a much younger woman, Byun Joo-ri, but still has lingering feelings for his ex-wife.
550 ::: A Sweet Sickness: The Flathead Movie (2011) ::: documentary ::: Join Hot Rod Builder and Award Winning Filmmaker Brian Darwas, as he sits down and talks the world's top engine builders and fabricators about the engine that pioneered a movement, The Ford Flathead. Learn speed secrets from Vern Tardel. Get an in depth look at the build of of two high powered Flathead motors by Mike Herman (H&H) and Ronnie SanGiovani. Hear the stories that inspired Ryan Cochran to begin one of the most popular Hot Rodding networks in the world today, and ride along with Vern Hammond and Jack Carroll of The Burbank Choppers in their Flathead powered, traditional Hot Rods!
551 ::: "Football Freestyler 2" (2015) ::: sport ::: Follow the antics of football world record holder Dan Magness, as he meets the world's best football players and freestylers and performs his own tricks and skills to put a smile on peoples faces! Featuring both Professional Footballers and Professional Freestylers, the Series will examine the passion, the artistry, the training and the dedication needed to master a football.
552 ::: "Unzipped" (1999) ::: documentary ::: Tellytubbies, Blue Peter, Benny Hill, Gillian Taylforth - they have all been involved in scandal and their stories are told in this programme. A look at the scandals that have beset television.
553 ::: "Paura d'amare" (2010) ::: drama ::: Sefano Loi the president of the Loi Pharma, when he lost his wife a tragic car accident. His life is fall apart. He tried to be continued the life before and have a good father of his two children, but everything seems desperate without his beloved wife. When he met Asia, a young, beautiful medical student girl his and family's's life change forever, and he be given second chance to love and happiness.
554 ::: Little League's Official How-to- Play Baseball Video (1985) ::: family ::: Little League's Official How-to-Play Baseball Video combines 70 minutes of entertaining and easy-to-understand instruction with network-style video effects in 19 comprehensive chapters. Basic enough for beginners, yet informative enough to help even the brightest young stars shine brighter. Produced by Little League for the 8-14 year players, the video teaches all the skills they'll need to excel at America's favorite pastime. There is a companion book that complements the video.
555 ::: The Making of 'Never Cry Wolf' (1983) ::: documentary ::: This documentary treats movie fans to a behind-the-scenes look at the making of Never Cry Wolf, the film version of Farley Mowat's book about his experiences researching the behavior of wolves in the wild. Included are interviews with the cast and crew who talk about the experience of making the film, as well as all of the effort that went into it.
556 ::: Drop in Drop Out: 11 Miles to Paradise (2010) ::: documentary ::: On the Island of Kaui... where the road ends... a trail begins. The mystic trail winds for 11 miles on the edge of a cliff. The destination is an enchanted hidden valley called "Kalalau". Some try to find this place to lose there past. Some try to find themselves in this island paradise. Others who walk this trail are to never be seen again.
557 ::: The Smell of Who She Is (2006) ::: short ::: A collection of dark images and sounds taken from a relationship between a man and a woman. The relationship is presented in a series of black and white images edited to create visual rhythms varying in pace and complexity. Accompanying the visual rhythms are waves of abstract sound which ebb and flow like the cycles of a tide. The images and sound work in concert to plunge the viewer into a world of irrational thinking and raw emotion.
558 ::: Chicago Bearfest (1997) ::: adult ::: When a sex contest is held in Chicago, the bears come out to play and big, furry masculine bear sex is the order of the day! Who will win the coveted prize of getting the ultimate bear to bang him? It's a cum and sweat drenched romp only for real men who can take every inch!
559 ::: Reunion 108 (2013) ::: comedy ::: Two generations of professional baseball players return for a reunion game at one of their minor league stops en route to the big leagues. Unbeknownst to them, the owner of the club, on his way to a month of rustic living in the high Asian elevations, and desiring a connection to home, arranges an inducement to get the players to reveal novel anecdotes from their past 'on and off the field' baseball lives. The only apparent commonality between the two groups is their success on the ball field, each team providing the locals with the only two minor league championships for the small town nestled in the valley of the Allegheny Mountains.
560 ::: Airo (2003) ::: short ::: A scantily clad woman is rowing a large wooden boat with her eyes closed, when a male figure suddenly appears out of nowhere standing on his hands at the bow. Together they travel down the river under the starry sky surrounded by mystical nature.
561 ::: Fuori dalle corde (2007) ::: drama ::: The story of Mike, a young Italian boxer from Trieste. A troubled man, like many of his peers; thirty years old and still a dreamer. Mike's dream, shared by his sister Anna, is to become a champ in the near future. But, as often happens real life is harsh, bitter, and full of hidden dangers. Mike falls for the allure of these dangers. He starts earning a lot in illegal fistfights, but soon discovers that it's not a world he likes. And getting out will be harder than he ever imagined.
562 ::: Made in Cleveland (2013) ::: comedy ::: Tale of life, love and the pursuit of happiness... in Cleveland. Nine vignettes about love: an old war hero defends the honor and memory of a long-lost love; a man's past comes to light in the midst of a perfect date; a recently separated paramedic gets more than he bargains for when he is thrust in the middle of a domestic dispute; a desperate man employs his friends in an elaborate scheme to meet the girl of his dreams, a recovering sex addict returns home to start a new life. There are thousands of stories of love, lust, loss and despair all over Cleveland-these are just a few of them.
563 ::: La Ciudad del Trabajo (2015) ::: documentary ::: Gijon's "Labor University" is the maximum example of monumental architecture during the Franco autarchy in Spain (1939-1959). A boarding school for a thousand children, this "socio-educational laboratory" enacted the aspired future shape of the country. Using audio fragments of films from the two first decades of dictatorship, this film essays complementary ways to reveal the implications of this building-city, its ambiguous position between utopia and dystopia and its unique architecture, straddling the inventions of Piero della Francesca and Piranesi.
564 ::: Misión Sobrevive (2017) ::: comedy ::: After pacific life of Roberto, Nico and Hugo, there is a storm. When they discover about other survivors they have to protect themselves until they obtain all the information that they need to save the world. Saving the world is not an option anymore.
565 ::: Zion, Auto-Emancipation (1999) ::: documentary ::: Zion is the history of the first sionist congress in Basle and Theodore Harzel's first suggestion of the foundation and form of an eventual Jewish State. It is also the story of Amos Gitai's mother who was born in Hiafa in 1909 and his father Munio Wenraub who left Berlin in 1993 via Basle. It's a journy from Basle to Jerusalem, from Vienna to Haifa, from 1897 to the present day.
566 ::: Kaokiri (2016) ::: drama ::: A team writing a script about an incident in 1937 Japan, where the face of actor Hayashi Chojiro is cut with a razor, is arguing. This incident was a scandal. The argument becomes heated. The actor playing the assistant director abandons the crew and the lead actress is also threatening to do the same.
567 ::: Unidentified (2006) ::: sci-fi ::: A pair of enterprising young reporters from "Both Sides" magazine are sent to Texas to investigate a rash of UFO sightings. Their investigation reveals a supernatural element that forces a wedge between the two reporters. As they pursue their separate and conflicting theories, their lives begin to change.
568 ::: Erotic Secrets (2010) ::: comedy ::: On their way to a Hollywood party, five women are momentarily stuck in an elevator. To pass the time, they entertain each other with stories of their sex lives or lack of same. In the vein of "Sex in the City."
569 ::: Chemical Bonds (2003) ::: short ::: If happiness was found in a pill, would you take it? Dean thinks he has found it all in Ecstasy. But the pill's effects don't last forever and leaves Dean more lost than before. "Chemical Bonds" is one man's search for ecstasy in the LA fast lane.
570 ::: The Last Punch (2016) ::: drama ::: The Last Punch tells the true story of James Cornelius, an Atlanta hustler turned boxing promoter who used his street smarts to navigate the shark-infested waters of the 1980s fight game. James must race against the clock, evade the F.B.I., and somehow find a way to make Muhammad Ali's last fight, The Drama In Bahamas, a reality. The Drama in Bahamas was Muhammad Ali's final and most infamous fight. But the battle that raged outside the ring was even more compelling. At the center of that drama was the fight's promoter, James Cornelius, a street-wise man from Atlanta who had to navigate the shark-infested waters of the fight game, and stay one step ahead of the authorities while doing so. Based on true events. The Drama in Bahama was Muhammad Ali's final and most infamous fight. But the battle that raged outside the ring was even more compelling. At the center of that drama was the fight's promoter, James Cornelius, a street-wise hustler who had to navigate the shark-infested waters of the fight game, and stay one step ahead of the authorities while doing so. Based on true events.
571 ::: A Year and a Day (2012) ::: drama ::: An unusual story of The Flills who are a successful, well respected working class Glaswegian family who founded and run the local community centre. Mikey Flills is the backbone of the family, who selflessly keeps the family together and happy with his enormous charm and huge personality. But Mikey has many secrets, which lead to him leaving his family behind without any explanation. He returns a year later to make amends. He visits his fathers' grave to speak to him before he returns to his broken family to give them answers. Will he atone? What devastation will he find? How will the family react
572 ::: Jailbait Summer (1992) ::: comedy ::: Bored with his "played out" life in Southern California, a spirited surfer named Splash (Christian Porter) has wanderlust, and seeks new turf for his heterosexual desires. An old hippie named Obie Franco Canobie (Frank Crivelli) misinforms Splash to travel to Provincetown, Massachusetts, because it was a Mecca for heterosexuals back in the 1960's. Upon his arrival, Splash is constantly hit upon by gay men, and his advances are rejected by many local lesbians. Just about to return back to California, Splash runs into Axel (Mario Scaldini), the self-proclaimed "King of the Straight Scene". Soon, Splash is introduced to the vivacious Jennifer (Liz Dennis), and the two fall for each other. The only problem is that Jennifer has a nerdy brother named Eugene (Bruce Estey), who is constantly hanging around her. In the mix of strange house parties at Axel's "Babe-crib", Axel is going through his own issues, and in a mad dream sequence, sells his soul to Satan, in exchange for "all of the jail-bait he can handle." There is a beach party scene, complete with an angry biker gang, headed by a Mohawk wig-wearing biker named Arnie (Russell Meads). The story is narrated by the beautiful Braunwyn Jackett, and introduced by Mr. "Tip Toe Thriugh The Tulips" himself, Tiny Tim.
573 ::: The Mandala (2000) ::: adventure ::: When an appraiser tells a proud owner that his priceless antique is really a phony, the stage is set for vengeance and several cute woman are tied and gagged as a result. In the second story, a saleswoman sends a stressed telemarketer into a bondage frenzy.
574 ::: "Out Here" (2012) ::: reality-tv ::: DJ Williford, a freelance videographer in New York City, goes from street to street to capture the cutting-edge skateboard scene. He follows skateboarder Leo Heinert who shreds throughout the many skate spots of New York. Get an inside look on a typical day in the streets in the first episode of OUT HERE.
575 ::: Life Just Is (2012) ::: drama ::: Pete, Tom, Claire and Jay are university graduates having trouble making the move into adult life. Beneath the hanging out and the daily routines simmers Pete's desire to find a spiritual answer to life's meaning, Jay's desperate need not to get hurt again, and Tom and Claire's ever increasing mutual attraction.
576 ::: The Present with a Future (1943) ::: short ::: It's Christmas morning, and pre-teens Billy and Ginny have expectations of what they will receive as gifts, Ginny a bicycle and Billy a railroad set. Instead, they receive war bonds as a gift from their mother, who explains to them that the war bonds will help what their father is fighting for, and may even pay to save his life is he were wounded. Although she could afford to give them a traditional gift plus the war bonds, she further explains that excessive consumption should not be flaunted during war time, as men and women not only fight for their country, but work in support of the war effort. 'Bette Davis' (qv), who portrays the mother in the just described scene, comes out of character, and as herself, implores the viewer to purchase war bonds and stamps. In a short scene a mother explains to her children, Jenny and Billy, why they received war bonds as Christmas presents, even though the mother can afford to give them more expensive gifts. Davis then steps out of character and asks moviegoers to buy war bonds and stamps.
577 ::: Return of the Prairie Bandit (2011) ::: documentary ::: Their habitat once stretched across the Prairies, but when humans wiped out the one thing they eat, the black-footed ferret became the most endangered species in the world. Now a fledgling project is attempting to bring the black-footed ferret back to Canada. Return of the Prairie Bandit is a fascinating look at the ups and downs of reintroducing a species to the wild set against the sweeping, stark beauty of the prairie landscape.
578 ::: "Telemoda" (1985) ::: family ::: The series run for 26 weeks and it was composed of 26 shows of 24 min. each. In the shows, Bruno Pischiutta interviewed personalities of Toronto's Fashion Industry: designers, creators, store owners, tailors and seamstresses, models, etc. The goal of the show was to bring to the two hundred thousand Italian homes in Toronto, Ontario the best that the fashion industry had to offer. Children fashion, bridal fashion, men and women fashion, formal and casual was presented weekly with great success. The name of the show was Telemoda which translates in English as Fashion TV. Later, the show was imitated several times in Canada and overseas.
579 ::: Too Many Ghosts (2011) ::: short ::: Too Many Ghosts is a fictionalised commentary on the folly of war. It is set in Europe between the last five days of the Second World War and a few days after the end of hostilities. Joe Franklin, a young corporal in Britain's illustrious 350-year-old East Yorkshire Regiment, is reminiscing about the horrors of war and the mental scars it inflicts on the physically and mentally injured. He is filled with remorse at the memories of those very close to his heart who have perished. Many are missing but some have been returned home to be buried in towns and villages up and down the British Isles. Joe's story is told against the musical backdrop of England's great national composer, Sir Edward Elgar (1857-1934), Master of the King's Musick, with poetry by some of the country's great war poets, including Rupert Brooke and Laurence Binyon, and specially-composed verse by the film-maker.
580 ::: Richard Linklater: Dream Is Destiny (2016) ::: documentary ::: A feature documentary on the life and work of filmmaker, Richard Linklater. Produced and Directed by Louis Black (founder of SXSW Festivals and the Austin Chronicle) and Karen Bernstein (Emmy and Grammy Award winning documentary filmmaker), this is an unusual look at a fiercely independent style of filmmaking that arose from Austin, Texas in the 1980s/ early 90's and how Linklater's films, Slacker, Dazed and Confused, Waking Life and Boyhood, sparked a low budget, in your own backyard movement in this country and around the world.
581 ::: Scream: A New Beginning, Short Film (2017) ::: horror ::: After the event of Jill's killing spree. The murders are not over. They start with a blood bath of slaughter. Lori must uncover the masked killer before the Prescott family tree will be finished.
582 ::: Welcome (2016/II) ::: documentary ::: A black screen. Four voices are heard. Two men are telling and repeating to two others that they are "welcome to the region". Gradually, the situation becomes clearer: the filmmaker, Zhu Rikun, is on a shoot in Sichuan. His interest is in the lung diseases that plague the region's workers, a health problem already present in his film Dust and which the Chinese State is trying to hush up. So here he is, invited to a brief interview with the local authorities, which is audio-recorded and played back in full in the film. A raw document that bares the methods of power: the insistence of the censors, their successive changes in strategy ranging from sugar-coated threats to the express demand that the images be destroyed, which only fuels the desire to bear witness even further. (Cinereel, Paris)
583 ::: Slightly Used (2009) ::: comedy ::: Slightly Used is a comedy that takes place on the battle ground of the used car lot. The story revolves around humorous events that ensue during a competition between two sales teams, fighting for a chance to be able to star in the company's new commercial, and be crowned the new "HOT GUN OF THE MONTH". The Story takes place over the course of one work day in one location, the car lot.
584 ::: "Connor's Monthly Vlog" (2014) ::: documentary ::: As the year closes, Connor finds himself a full-time job. Whilst he works on various projects behind the scenes, he celebrates the Christmas festivities by seeing friends and family, enjoying their company and also seeing "Rogue One" (2016).
585 ::: The Missing Ingredient: What is the Recipe for Success? (2015) ::: documentary ::: A Manhattan restaurateur makes the bold decision to boost his struggling eatery's business by putting up the iconic zebra wallpaper made world-famous by the recently shuttered Upper East Side institution, Gino's. His choice sparks controversy when Gino's previous owners, staff and loyal regulars, still hurting over Gino's closing, catch wind of his intentions. A story of two Manhattan restaurants: Gino's, an Upper East Side fixture for more than six decades, and Pescatore, a Midtown staple on Second Ave since 1993 now facing stiff competition as the neighborhood changes. After taking over Pescatore, new restaurateur Charles Devigne seeks to shake up things in a bid for new business. His controversial decision to borrow one of Gino's iconic features inspires Michael Sparaga's exploration of that undefinable quality which transforms a simple eatery into an institution.
586 ::: The Judgment of Weeping Mary (2008) ::: drama ::: This drama details the life of Josephine Smith, who must search for her own truth while rejecting the identity foisted upon her by her parents and community. Josephine longs to escape from the abuse she suffers at the hands of her troubled boyfriend, and her longing ultimately dooms her. She desires to be accepted into the straight-jacket of small-town values and perceptions, yet with the aide of afflicted youth pastor, Benjamin King, she finds a shocking and unexpected ticket to her freedom. The brittle veneer of Weeping Mary, Texas crumbles to reveal troubling taboos and truths of human nature.
587 ::: "Our Private World" (1965) ::: drama ::: Young Lisa Miller Hughes had been through a failed marriage and she needed something new. She left her ex-husband Bob and son Tom behind and moved to Chicago. Her new life involved many new people whose attitudes and problems affected Lisa's life.
588 ::: Sukher Swarga (1993) ::: drama ::: Shukher Swarga is a family drama which is based on the theme of family relations and its complications. The film shows the good and bad nature of man and how misunderstandings can break up a happy family. It makes you understand the importance of being true and just even in bad situations; that good always wins over evil. There is much emotion and depth throughout with a few funny elements.
589 ::: "Maniac Mansion" (1990) ::: comedy ::: Justin Scorsayze inherits a mansion after the mysterious death of his long lost great great great great grandpa. He later finds out from his butler that his mansion is haunted by dinosaurs... ghost dinosaurs. Will he be able to tame them? Will he catch em all? Or will he die trying.
590 ::: Jihad: Searching for Answers (2007) ::: documentary ::: What makes someone so desperate to go on a suicide mission? How do Muslims look at the people of other faiths? What is Jihad? These are the questions that all of us have been asking since 9/11/2001. "JIHAD: Searching For Answers" is a documentary on Muslim-Americans and how they feel about today's Islamic society, terrorism and its affects. This documentary interviews various groups of people (mainly youths and community leaders) in the Middle Eastern and South Asian communities to find out what they think about the current affairs, the post 9/11 world, and their place in the American society. "JIHAD: Searching For Answers" searches for the core of the Islamic community in the United States and interviews Muslim community leaders, scholars, and authors to find out their thoughts on issues such as 9/11 terrorist attacks, sectarian violence in the holy land, and the conflict in the Middle East.
591 ::: Killjoy (????) ::: drama ::: Five college friends are faced with an intrepid journey back to salvation after their car breaks down deep in the sweltering desert. The marooned group find themselves thrown into an unexpected dark and twisted plot of revenge. The unfortunate turn of events forces the rest of the group into a life and death struggle of survival amongst the natural elements, perilous cliffs, venomous minstrels, ruthless drug smugglers and a gun wielding psychopath -- the fates of each individual are quickly realized, this trip to the desert may be their last.
592 ::: Dangerous Diva's Naked Prisoners (2009) ::: adventure ::: Pretty blondes who possess family heirlooms are no match for Dangerous Diva, a masked, cat-suited villainess, her likes to strip, bind and gag her victims after relieving them of their valuables. In the next vignette, DD re-steals an incriminating tape from a femme fatale then fondles the beautiful blonde who is bound and helpless in her shower. In the final story, the Diva is more interested in toying with her naked prisoner than in stealing her goodies.
593 ::: Almost Adult: Diary of a 20 Year Old (2011) ::: documentary ::: August, 24th is Ukraine's Independence Day. The country's birthday. How is it celebrated by those who recently had their own 20th anniversary? Are they ready to take over? Or is it better to support Ukraine from abroad? The characters of the documentary film are the eminent figures of independent Ukraine's arts and politics, including three country's ex-presidents, and also young people from different regions and with different social status. August, 24th is Ukraine's Independence Day. The country's birthday. How is it celebrated by those who recently had their own 20th anniversary? Are they ready to take over? Or is it better to support Ukraine from abroad? The characters of the documentary film are the eminent figures of independent Ukraine's arts and politics, including three country's ex-presidents, and also young people from different regions and with different social status.
594 ::: State Fair Foods (2012) ::: reality-tv ::: Every year State Fair vendors try to top each other to create the most crazy, most delicious, most carb-loaded, over-the-top concoction ever, and fair-goers eat it up. From fried bubble gum, to casserole on a stick, to chocolate covered scorpions, State Fair foods are an adventure all their own and we'll take you along for the ride.
595 ::: Terms & Conditions (2015) ::: action ::: Legendary hitman Vet Jones never expected to accept another mission. But when his son fails to assassinate an important target, and a powerful crime boss gives Jones an ultimatum - finish the job or his son dies - Jones has no choice but to accept. After realizing the target is innocent, Jones tries to change his mission in order to protect the target - but can he save her life as well as the life of his son?
596 ::: Twentysomething (2016) ::: short ::: A former history major, Sam, has dropped out of college for reasons she can't explain. On her 22nd birthday, she has one big wish: to feel a part of history by seeing the Patek Comet, which comes only once every 150 years. But her day spirals out of control in a series of confrontations with her boss, family, friends and boyfriend - who bombard her with questions about her future that she's not prepared to answer.
597 ::: Basic. Fellowship (2011) ::: short ::: Is church a specific place where individuals gather once a week to sing a few songs and listen to someone talk about God, or does church refer to the people themselves, who share a common mission in the world? Maybe if we start to view church the way God designed it, as a family loving each other and living and sharing all of life together, we might show the world a glimpse of who God is, and we might begin to impact the world as God intended us to do. 'Fellowship' is the fourth film in the BASIC series.
598 ::: "Moneywise with Kelvin Boston" (2000) ::: talk-show ::: The Moneywise series is the nation's premiere multicultural financial and business affairs program. Each episode teaches viewers the necessary skills to understand basic financial planning concepts, increase their net worth, and use their financial resources more effectively.
599 ::: ModPro Hackers (2017) ::: thriller ::: The whole world is under a Cyber Attack by the world famous Hunter Gujjar. A group of 3 teenage computer lover's decided to stand against him and started a movement again cyber criminals until one night when Hunter Gujjar decides to disconnect USA and UK from the world, which happened. The 3 hackers Founded a Company named ModPro Hackers aka. The World Changers. The 3 were never serious in this business until they got on to the hold of the Armegithrim SXW Chip, the chip Hunter used to destroy a total of 107 countries. When Hunter gets to know about that, he starts to assassinate all the White Hats. After a year of Cyber War, ModPro Hackers only remain to fight for Justice and restoring peace in the World.
600 ::: The Town That Was (2007) ::: documentary ::: In 1962, a trash fire ignited a seam of anthracite coal beneath Centralia, Pennsylvania, a once thriving mining town of over 1600 people. By the mid 1980's, giant plumes of smoke and deadly carbon monoxide gases billowed from fissures in the ground, the local highway cracked and collapsed, trees were bleached white and petrified, as the fire continued to rage unchecked. It wasn't until a young boy nearly died after falling into a smoldering mine subsidence that the government was pressed into action. After estimating the cost of extinguishing the fire at over a half a billion dollars, the government opted to raze the town and relocate its residents. Today, 11 die-hards remain. Filmed over a period of five years with interviews ranging from former residents to Congressmen, The Town That Was is an intimate portrait of John Lokitis, the youngest remaining Centralian, and his quixotic fight to keep alive a hometown that has literally disintegrated under his feet. His unbowed determination and steadfast refusal to acknowledge defeat reveal a man, a town, a region, and a way of life abandoned and forgotten. Filmed over a period of five years with interviews ranging from former residents to Congressmen, THE TOWN THAT WAS is an intimate portrait of John Lokitis, the youngest remaining Centralian, and his quixotic fight to keep alive a hometown that has literally disintegrated under his feet. His unbowed determination and steadfast refusal to acknowledge defeat reveal a man, a town, a region, and a way of life abandoned and forgotten.
601 ::: The Living North (1956) ::: documentary ::: A youngster in Lapland relates how his people herd reindeer and how important they are to their survival. The tribe follows the animals and when the animals find food, the tribe builds shelters against the weather. When a reindeer is slaughtered for food, nothing is wasted. A tribal wedding is also shown. When spring arrives the herd heads for the mountains and, though an avalanche en rote destroys much of the herd, they continue on. Other animals are seen in their natural habitat, was well as the birth of baby deer. Roundup time for the deer arrives and they are put into a corral, counted and branded on the ear. When summer ends, the reindeer start the trek back. The tribal children are placed in a boarding school for the winter in town.
602 ::: Grooming Giselle (2013) ::: comedy ::: Blake is a talented acting student as well as an unrealistic dreamer when it comes down to how to make a living until he makes it "big". Continuously fired from minimum wage employment, Blake and his best friend Elliot get sucked into the dangerous world of gambling. Luckily, Blake's sister Angela has proven to be a reliable roommate and so far taken care of her irresponsible younger brother. When a car crash on the way to a job interview lands her in the hospital, Blake offers to start the job in his sister's place, which turns out to be more complicated than expected: His ward is the homely and socially inept 20-year-old agoraphobic Giselle, who insists on a *female* assistant. However, the girl and her mother have never met Angela in person, and thus Blake is able to transform himself into a convincingly enough version of his sister. Realizing this gives him an opportunity to not only hide from the bookies but also from his visiting alcoholic mother, Blake moves gladly in with the disabled Giselle. At first reluctant, but consequently learning "how to be a girl" first in order to show Giselle how to be one, Blake unknowingly starts "grooming" Giselle into his dream girl.
603 ::: The Heart of Texas Ryan (1917) ::: western ::: Colonel William Ryan, a ranch owner, in the Lone Star State, has named his only daughter Texas. Jack Parker, a devil-may-care cowpuncher, loves only two things, one is his horse and the other a photograph of Texas Ryan, whom he has never seen. He has named his horse "Dream Girl" after the girl of the photograph. After several years in an eastern college, Texas return home. Her father is happy and she is idolized by the cowboys of the ranch. Antonio Moreno is the head of a band of cattle rustlers. His lieutenant, "Dice" McAllister, a former road agent, uses his office as marshal as a cloak for unlawful deeds. Moreno and McAllister have long plotted to secure Ryan's wealth, and Moreno resolves to pay court to the girl. In the "Last Chance" saloon and dance hall a shooting scrape occurs. Jack Parker, enemy of McAllister, is charged as being an accessory. Harsh words are exchanged and Parker overcomes McAllister in a desperate conflict, and then crosses the border until the disturbance blows over. He returns on the Fourth of July and proceeds to celebrate. Colonel Ryan and Texas meet him and Parker learns she is the girl of the photograph. Moreno and his gang, under pretense of friendship, visit the Ryan ranch during the round-up, and when Texas spurns the Mexican's offer of marriage, he threatens her, and is driven from the ranch. When Texas and her girlfriend, Marion Smith, are riding in the hills, they are seen by Moreno's men. Texas is pursued and made prisoner. Marion brings the news to Colonel Ryan. Jack Parker resolves to free the girl. By an offer of money, he persuades the bandits to free her. Moreno and McAllister rustle the Ryan cattle and are discovered by Parker. During a night of rain and wind he slips into the camp of the outlaws, takes Moreno a prisoner, and leaves a note telling McAllister of what he has done. When McAllister finds the note in the morning, he decides to leave the country. Moreno later makes his escape. Parker decides to go on the trail. He bids Texas farewell, telling her he is not worthy of her. As time passes Texas comes to understand that she loves the cowpuncher. Moreno continues his lawlessness. After a desperate conflict Parker is taken prisoner. Word is brought to Texas Ryan that he is to be shot that evening. The girl tells her father she believes the cattle thieves will spare Jack's life for money and starts in an automobile on her race with death. Moreno gloats over the revenge. The executioner awaits the order to fire. Just as Moreno is about to give the order, Texas arrives. The cupidity of the Mexican bandits is aroused by the gold, and the cowpuncher is freed and takes Texas into his arms.
604 ::: A Journey to Silicon Valley (2001) ::: documentary ::: This TV series describes the history, start-up culture, business management and venture capital mechanisms of the Valley in an objective and comprehensive fashion, and reveals the mystery behind the success of Silicon Valley as the world model for high-tech undertakings and innovation.
605 ::: The Slave Mart (1917) ::: drama ::: "Combining the elements of dramatic interest and stirring animation is the sensational film "The Slave Mart", a Kimberly Feature production in five reels, which opens at the Bijou theater tonight, While not risque, as a number of persons who were given a private exhibition of the picture indorsed (sic) it, nevertheless it deals with a worldwide theme which has set more than one mind pondering. Pregnant truths are unfolded, exposing conditions in metropolitan centers that will hardly bear the light of investigation. For the reason that youthful minds are so easily open to impressions the management has decided not to admit boy and girls under 16 to the performances. "The Slave Mart" deals with a beautiful Italian immigrant, Maria Gramada, who on her arrival at New York is lured by a gang of human vultures under the guist (sic) of friends of her aunt. Jack Spaulding, a society man, happily senses what is under way and intervenes to save Maria from a terrible fate. A friendship begun in such unusual circumstances ripens into love. Maria is admitted to the Spaulding home, and in the course of time goes as a guest of the family to their seaside home, where she meets a former sweetheart of Jack's. In the meantime in the course of an evening's entertainment they witness a cabaret feature "Zuleiia (sic), the Odalisque in the Slave Mart." The old affection between Jack and his former sweetheart takes on new zest under the flame of their companionship. Maria, her heart sorely wounded, in a moment of jealousy and despair, resolves on a revenge similar to Zuleika's, but fate intervenes and rounds out the love story in a happy way."
606 ::: Philby, Burgess and Maclean (1977) ::: drama ::: In the late 1940s, British intelligence believes they have a Russian spy in their midst. They narrow the list to 5 or so individuals one of whom is Donald Maclean, who was assigned to the British Embassy in Washington and had full access to US atomic secrets. As they slowly build their case against Maclean, they assign Kim Philby to Washington as the senior liaison officer to the CIA. He is soon joined there by an old friend, Guy Burgess. When Philby gets wind that Maclean is about to be arrested, he dispatches Burgess to warn him and both defect to the Soviet Union. Philby is thoroughly investigated and while there is a general consensus that he too is a Russian spy, there is no concrete proof and, publicly at least, is cleared. Eight years later, in 1963, Philby also defects to the Soviet Union and it is revealed that he has been a KGB Colonel for over twenty years. Based on actual events.
607 ::: Aab, baad, khaak (1989) ::: drama ::: A young teenager returns home after an absence to find his village in Iran deserted because of an incredibly severe drought. He begins a search to find his family, traveling through an amazingly bleak and desolate landscape. Primarily an essay on the issue of humans vs. nature, the film is of interest for technical and cultural reasons.
608 ::: Paradise Garden (2014) ::: documentary ::: Howard Finster, the grandfather of the Southern Folk Art movement, was a pioneer that showed the world that Art can thrive outside of museums and galleries in ordinary places and in everyday objects. He took what others might deem trash or obsolete and turned it into something contemplative. He opened Paradise Garden for the world to enjoy, a true testament that Art comes to life, when people are able to interact with it. Howard Finster showed the world that objects surrounding us can take on a new life, in a sometimes magical way, and communicate messages that can lead to transformation.
609 ::: Il piacere (1985) ::: drama ::: Italy in the early 1930s. To the elderly aristocrat Gerard Villeneuve, all that is left of Leonora, the love of his life, are a number of erotic tape recordings. Leonora led a double life as respectable wife and mother of two, and as a whore at the local brothel. Now, after her death, her children Ursula and Edmund pass under the tutelage of Gerard. Having not seen them for many years, he is utterly bewildered by Ursula's uncanny likeness to her mother. While Gerard's mistress Fiorella takes care of the sexual needs of Edmund, Ursula follows the last instructions of her mother. In the process, she uses the legacy of her mother's recordings to get into the mindset of her relationship with Gerard. Is Gerard ready to find his lost love Leonora again...in the likeness of her very daughter?
610 ::: Words with Girls (2014) ::: comedy ::: Pace, Micky, and Aspen are early 20-something, fast-talking, attitude having, LA transplants each with their own Hollywood dream and girl drama, but one crappy apartment. When Pace is suddenly dumped by her girlfriend of three years, it causes the roommates to reassess their lives. A lack of success has always been one of the things that held them together but if that changes, will it tear them apart?
611 ::: Malaga (2015) ::: short ::: Unfortunately love happens to be a quite subjective experience, even if it's shared between two persons. The relationship of Marko and Irene is coming to an end. Irene is going back to her home country Spain. Marko has one last surprise in his mind to convince her to stay with him.
612 ::: Confession (2001) ::: short ::: " I want to make a confession. I used my camera as a weapon to manipulate a now defenseless person and she has been haunting me ever since," declares filmmaker Marina Petrovskaia in her pioneering documentary, Confession. Petrovskaia journeys to Germany with the explicit purpose of confronting her ailing aunt and coaxing her into disclosing an unsavory episode in their family's history. Shot in black and white, with generous use of archival images and artfully placed text, Petrovskaia challenges conventional documentary techniques by purposely manipulating interviews and incorporating experimental devises to disjoint the disturbing narrative reluctantly offered by her aunt. While chronicling her confessional, the filmmaker calls into question her own moral authority over her investigation and, ultimately, presents a probing critique on the ethics of non-fiction filmmaking.
613 ::: "Disaster Date" (2009) ::: reality-tv ::: An MTV reality series where people set up their friends on "disaster" blind dates. The victim shows up to their date with an undercover actor/actress who will do their best to turn off/offend/alienate the victim using inside info given by the instigators. If the victim stays for a whole hour, the gag is revealed and they are awarded with $60.
614 ::: Replicant Terminus (2017) ::: sci-fi ::: It is now 2050-Your world, on earth/Terra. The year is 2050, The 4th world war ended 20 years ago, 2030, and humanity is now under the control of the 'mind of terra' one world government order. The MOT is responsible for "maintaining humanity" and protecting terra from off world, OW, influences, MOT is a government of council seats/chairs from all over the planet to maintain 'order, law, justice, humanity, science and clarity.' They move with impurity, swiftness and secrecy. Despite their " control and order" the rebellions wage and terra is breached regularly keeping the blade runners, office of replicants, safety , ORS, very active and busy.
615 ::: Bullshit (2005) ::: documentary ::: In this documentary, the filmmakers follow Vandana Shiva over a two-year period, from her organic farm at the foot of the Himalayas to institutions of power all over the world. Here Vandana Shiva does battle with one of her toughest opponents, Monsanto, a huge American biotech company, when they try to patent an ancient Indian strain of wheat.
616 ::: Stan (2017/II) ::: short ::: Do you ever wonder what is hidden behind a face, what passions lie behind a person you would otherwise pass by without a thought, what wonders, opinions and artistic expressions can dwell in each nook and cranny of your city, town or village? In a time of division, a time of confusion and anguish it's time to start asking questions, to be curious and compassionate and discover the common nature that connects us all. Words. One cold, winters night in Leeds, England, we discovered Stan. We discovered love. We discovered anger. We discovered hidden talents. We discovered togetherness. We discovered poetry and passion. We discovered diversity. We discovered fish and chips. We discovered Stan's Fisheries. Extraordinary things exist in ordinary places. In a world of hope, a world of pain, a world of both tragedy and happiness, if you have the words, there's always a chance that you'll find the way to connect with people, everyday people. In times of division we must remember that we are far more united than things which divide us. As the Jamaican national motto says "Out of many, one people".
617 ::: Essa Gostosa Brincadeira a Dois (1974) ::: comedy ::: In Rio de Janeiro, the reckless Flamengo fans Carlos and Beth Bombardeio are best friends. Beth leaves the house of her annoying mother and moves to the apartment of Carlos. They decide to travel to Bahia in Carlos's bike to camp in an isolated beach but when Carlos meets the hippie Angélica, Beth decides to return to Rio. She is hired by the producer Claudio to dance in the Chacrinha's show. Meanwhile, Carlos meets the wealthy Lídia and they have a love affair. Carlos watches on television Beth telling to Chacrinha that Claudio and she are going to get married. Carlos discovers that he loves Beth and leaves Lídia, sells his motorcycle and flies back to Rio de Janeiro.
618 ::: Hubristic (2010) ::: comedy ::: In the patriotic fervor of the days and months following September 11th no corporation more accurately personified George W. Bush's dual philosophies of down-home family values and war without end than did Hubristic Systems Management. The oddball arms manufacturer, most noted for its emphasis on handcrafting and artisanship in military grade weapons, was led by Tristan Stanfield, one of the nation's most sincere and colorful CEOs. But Hubristic's success was not to last. The proceeding years saw a series of increasingly bizarre public relations nightmares plunge Mr. Stanfield and the company into chaos. In the midst of the collapse was David Milken, a first time documentary film maker. This is the story of the much publicized collapse of Hubristics as told from within. David's tapes provide an unflinching look at the realities of the highest echelons of corporate culture and take you behind the tabloids to offer a first-hand account of the tragic psychological collapse of one man's American dream.
619 ::: Kanye West: Unauthorized (2005) ::: documentary ::: Witness how this Chicago native made his mark in Hip Hop, in just a few short years. See how this kid at heart with an old school soul survived and overcame a tragic accident that almost cost him his life. Blessed with a second chance at life, this Supa Dupa producer took advantage of this opportunity in more ways than one by turning tragedy into triumph.
620 ::: Beauty (2014/I) ::: short ::: Beauty is the tale of Jacob Zechariah, a man haggard and beaten down by life, but with a quelled sense of hope deep within him burning to get out. An envelope slides through his front door, on it is scrawled three words: What is Beauty? This leads him on a journey to ask everyone he comes across what their idea of beauty is, as he pieces together fragments of wisdom & hope to discover his own answer.
621 ::: "Ice Town: Life on the Edge" (2016) ::: documentary ::: A lot can happen in the middle of nowhere. Take a trip to the most northerly town on the planet for this gripping docu-soap charting the real-life highs and lows of its quirky inhabitants. The series is set in the town of Longyearbyen, an isolated outpost in the breathtaking wilderness of the Svalbard archipelago, halfway between Norway and Greenland. As well as its mining business, Svalbard houses the global seed vault and is at the centre of worldwide research into polar bears, climatology and glaciology. As a result it is home to a unique expat community made up of 46 different nationalities, including American, British and Norwegian. With extreme arctic conditions, three months of total darkness and the ever-present danger of polar bears, this is not your average neighbourhood - and these are certainly not your average characters!
622 ::: Lady Man (1976) ::: short ::: The symbolic caress. The argument is the erotic power of a choreography with three people: camera, colour, and above all, bust. The musical illustration is a electroacoustic piece named Adonai, of André Almuro, composer and working for radios. The score, totally independant, no repeating, no illustrative, add an erotic charge to the sensorial perception of the movie. Editing functions with formal analogies contained by shots, without any consequence. It is a gathering of moduls reconstituted in a whole thing by the linearity of the movie. In this one, the body's desire is always present, expressed by the language of images. Concerning the topic, it is this body, space to film, sacralised by visual interventions and exploration of camera. The projection on big screen produces a body-landscape or an androgynous body of which some parts remain undecipherable. Track of colours on epiderms is a personnal tribute to "living paintbrushs" used by Yves Klein for his "Anthropometries" (1960).
623 ::: The Wounded Healer (2017) ::: documentary ::: 'Stigma is killing people' Dr Ahmed Hankir says in his passionate crusade fighting for those with mental health issues. Through his personal journey in a life as both 'the wounded' and 'the healer' the film takes us into the subjective experience of 'The Wounded Healer' and Hankir's moving campaign to fight stigma.
624 ::: One More Time (2013) ::: drama ::: Lucia is an aging Italian actress and director (beautifully portrayed by Antonioni's and Fellini's actress Lucia Bosa), decides to come back to the small town where she had spent her happy childhood. She wants to bring the TV where television has never been seen before. She reaches out to the women in the local community with a project that might change their lives forever.
625 ::: "A Man Called Harry Brent" (1965) ::: thriller ::: The director of an engineering company in a small town near London has been murdered by a perfect stranger. Inspector Alan Milton is put in charge of the case. He is the former fiancé of Carol Vyner, the victim's secretary. She is now about to marry Harry Brent, a mysterious figure with a connection to the murder suspect...
626 ::: November Echo (????) ::: action ::: Every spy has a beginning, and for Colonel Aleksandr Talanov of the KGB, that moment occurs one summery night in 1985 on the Costa del Sol, at the height of Cold War tensions between the Americans and Soviets. As a signatory to the Biological Weapons Treaty of 1972, the United States had already destroyed its military stockpiles of weaponized pathogens. The Soviet Union, however, responded differently to the signing of that treaty. They created a network of forty-seven top-secret production facilities spread across Russia. Called Biopreparat, it was the largest biological weapons program on earth, and one that alarmed a growing number of Soviet scientists. So when one of those scientists decided to defect, Talanov had the assigned task of bringing him back. But after tracking the scientist and his family to Spain, Talanov is betrayed and the scientist and his family are murdered. The only survivor is their teenage daughter, Noya -- short for Noyabr -- in English, "November" -- and what happens in an impulsive moment changes the course of Talanov's life by placing him in a desperate race to save Noya from the deadliest and most vicious adversary he will ever encounter: his own people, the KGB.
627 ::: Savaged (2008) ::: horror ::: When Marian Longosi goes into hiding to escape her abusive ex-boyfriend she takes a job house-sitting. This results in her acquiring a canine with some odd habits as roommate. The small town seems safe enough but first, but Maria soon learns there's a black bear on the loose and then the police find the body of slaughtered man. To top it all off Jeff, her ex, is doing everything he can to keep in touch. Has Maria really found the safety she's been seeking in this small town or will her new fierce protector prove to be more dangerous than anyone would dare to guess? There's only rule when caring for this canine: Don't let her out after dark!
628 ::: Away from Here (2014) ::: drama ::: Six years after an affair with the 15-year old daughter of the pastor who was his mentor, a former youth minister, now an ex-con and recovering addict, returns to his hometown seeking a chance to start his life over, only to find that his past will not let him go.
629 ::: Burglar by Proxy (1919) ::: comedy ::: A terrible toothache causes Jack Robin to stop his automobile in front of the home of Dorothy Mason. Noticing a flat tire, Jack attaches his automatic pump and forgets about it as he listens enthralled to Dorothy's singing. When the sound of the burst tire brings Dorothy running out, Jack feigns injury so he can be nursed by her. After he leaves the house, and Dorothy's father discovers some important invention plans missing, Harlan Graves, Dorothy's suitor, suggests that Jack stole them. Jack, suspecting Graves, breaks into Graves' home to clear himself and meets a real burglar, "Spider" Kelly, who adopts Jack as his guide. They blow up a safe at a house party where Jack suspects the plans to be hidden. The papers are found, Graves is arrested and Spider, disappointed that Jack made such a mess in blowing the safe, goes off, leaving Dorothy and Jack happily alone.
630 ::: O methystakas (1950) ::: drama ::: After losing his son in WW2, a poor cobbler has become a drunkard and laughing stock of the whole neighborhood, besetting his daughter. When his daughter falls in love with a rich young man, he tries in vain to hide his passion from the young man's family...
631 ::: Parade of the West (1930) ::: western ::: Bud Rand, charged with the care of his kid brother Bud, accepts an offer to appear in Copeland's Wild West Show to ride a wild horse called "Mankiller." Dude, right-hand man to Copeland, resents Bud's attentions to the show's sharpshooter Mary Owens, and when they fight it out, Bud is the winner. Dude losens the cinch on "Mankiller", causing Bud to be trampled and have to stay back when the show moves on. Dude intercepts letters from Bud to Mary and Billy and tells them that Bud is a coward. Billy is taken ill and when Bud goes to see him,he learns the situation of him being called a coward. He returns to ride "Mankiller" and breaks him, regaining Billy's confidence and Mary's love, and routs Dude and his henchies. Songs were "Down in Union County", "The Old Chisholm Trail" and "Sal's Got a Wooden Leg."
632 ::: "Tim's Tactical Tips" (2011) ::: comedy ::: Tim's Tactical Tip's is an interactive show in which the audience can submit their problems via a Facebook, Youtube and Twitter account, in turn becoming a part of the show. The show follows the character of Tim, a sixteen year old video blogger who loves nothing more than to answer and solve all of life's little problems. He shows the audience, through a series of tactical tips, how to deal with obstacles such as; homework during the Mid Term, getting out of eating vegetables at dinner, persuading your parents to give you more money, recycling dodgy gifts etc. Tim's Tactical Tips is a show that reaches to the young people of Ireland in helping look at problems that surrounded them in a comedic style with a collaborative spirit through the use of technology. Tim's Tactical Tips, You ask the question, he has the answer.
633 ::: Komm doch an den Tisch - Ein Fresco von Herbert Achternbusch (1998) ::: documentary ::: On June 27, 1997, from 9:46 to 22:58 Herbert Achternbusch paints a fresco, which covers an area of 20 x 8 meters. Even as a painter Achternbusch is radical, a pioneer of knowledge. He is an optimist. and paint hope. He's making a film in two weeks, writes a play in five days and paints as if the sun would not rise again the next day. This way of working, this vortex is the hallmark of his work.
634 ::: Pungnyeonga (1942) ::: drama ::: In the previous year, the harvest had been very poor and many farmers starved durng the winter. With the new growing season, it looks as if the harvest will again be bad because of a lack of rain. Young, idealistic farmer Eun-gi asks rich Kim Han to share his bounty, but the request is refused. Eun-gi's rightous fury is turned to rain by the heavens, giving the poor farmers a cause to celebrate
635 ::: Starlet Nights (1982) ::: adult ::: Beautiful, but wicked stepmother Joyce White aspires to be the fairest woman of them all in Hollywood, California. When she discovers that her sweet virginal stepdaughter Snow White has usurped her status, Joyce concocts a plan to ruin Snow's reputation as a pure and innocent lass.
636 ::: The Invisible Hours (2017) ::: mystery ::: A group of strangers receive a curious invitation from enigmatic inventor Nikola Tesla, offering each of them the chance to make amends for their darkest wrongdoings. When the last guest arrives at Tesla's isolated mansion laboratory, they find him dead - murdered. Disgraced Swedish detective, Gustaf Gustav, vows to find the killer amongst the other guests: a blind butler, a convicted murderer, the world's most famous actress, Tesla's former assistant, the son of a wealthy railroad magnate, and rival inventor Thomas Edison. But none of these people are what they seem. The Invisible Hours is a complex murder mystery in VR in the style of immersive theater, in which players freely explore and observe an intricate web of interwoven stories within a sprawling mansion - in order to untangle the dark truth at its heart. As a player, you're completely immersed in the stories unfolding around you. Invisible to the cast, you have the unique experience of following and observing anyone at any time and self-exploring the mansion freely for hidden clues.
637 ::: Antibirth (2016) ::: horror ::: In a desolate community full of drug-addled Marines and rumors of kidnapping, a wild-eyed stoner named Lou wakes up after a wild night of partying with symptoms of a strange illness and recurring visions as she struggles to get a grip on reality while stories of conspiracy spread.
638 ::: Frisco Tornado (1950) ::: western ::: Outlaws have been capturing Nugget's stagecoaches and killing the driver and guard. He has sent for Marshal Rocky Lane who survives an ambush arriving but loses his identification papers. Nugget suspects Jim Crail is behind all of his troubles and he is right. His men having failed to get Rocky earlier, Crail now uses the man Rocky killed and Rocky's identification papers to claim he is the outlaw they are after.
639 ::: Monkey's Nest (????) ::: drama ::: A single father trying to keep his daughter from the world he navigates. Trying to keep her from a "Romeo and Juliet" relationship. Trying to keep his investors from the Cleveland and Pittsburgh families at ease while he puts his plan of "a resurgence of his hometown of Youngstown, Ohio in motion". All of this, while taking place in the world of the EDM culture. It's a chronicle of a man in extremis. It's a world he knows, the streets he's navigated his whole life and the ones he may be buried on if he isn't careful !!!
640 ::: Jump Cut: A Travel Diary (2004) ::: documentary ::: Filmmaker Monika Treut documents her journey from West to East and North to South reflecting personal experience and global crisis. In search of new projects and new personal orientation she travels from San Francisco to Rio de Janeiro, from Paris to Jerusalem, from Toronto to Taipei. World premiere: Lichtmess Kino Hamburg, January 2004. Metropolis Kino Hamburg, February 2004. International premiere: Cambridge International Filmfestival, July 14th, 2004.
641 ::: Vladivostok Vacation (2016) ::: documentary ::: Once upon a time in Russia, communism fell and Rock 'n' Roll rose to power. One band reigned supreme and toured far and wide across the eastern earth, but never even left Russia - until now. They only have once chance, to not only rule Russia -but to become the best band in the West. The strategy is simple - get on the boat, create an album - and make new friends. All with hopes of finally becoming a household name in the United States. But sometimes fame is harder than just toppling a government.
642 ::: Stripped for Bondage (2011) ::: adventure ::: A beautiful hostage is rescued by an unlikely heroine, who transports her to another location then fondling her helpless bound and gagged victim. When a woman tries to rescue her woman whom she finds bound in their garage, she becomes the villains' next victim. A party girl, a naive woman and two busty babes also find themselves tied with taut ropes and silenced by cloth or tape.
643 ::: Ride a Crooked Mile (1938) ::: crime ::: Ride a Crooked Mile is a 1938 American Western film directed by Alfred E. Green and written by Jack Moffitt and Ferdinand Reyher. The film stars Akim Tamiroff, Leif Erickson, Frances Farmer, Lynne Overman, John Miljan and J. M. Kerrigan. The film was released on December 9, 1938, by Paramount Pictures.
644 ::: The Flamingo Lamp (1999) ::: adventure ::: When an antiques collector learns that a beautiful blonde possesses a valuable lamp he dispatches an beautiful crook to steal it. She captures a saleswoman and, leaving her bound and silenced, poses as a cosmetics expert to gain entry to Nicollette's house. Unfortuately a burly thug who is also intent on stealing the lamp breaks in and leaves the two ladies writhing in tight ropes and gags. In the second story, two prisoners break out of jail and decide to kidnap their former girlfriend and hightail it to friendlier climes. Connie doesn't want any part of either of her former beaus, but is kidnapped, bound and gagged by the rival crooks
645 ::: An Elf's Story: The Elf on the Shelf (2011) ::: family ::: Chippy is assigned to a family that includes a boy who is questioning the magic of Christmas. When Chippy finds the assignment a bit challenging, his good friends, Santa, and an unexpected child help him remember why his job is important!
646 ::: The Longest Night (2012) ::: mystery ::: John Dean arrives in the UK to track down a killer. Accompanied by the victim's sister Kristanna and after a encounter with a clairvoyant they find themselves embroiled in a web of murder, deceit and lies.
647 ::: Britt: Aces and Kings of the Turf (1996) ::: documentary ::: Edgar Britt was told by his trainer that he was too small to be a jockey but became one of the giants of international horse racing. After his first win in 1929, Britt, a movie buff, bought a film camera and recorded social and racing highlights in Australia, America, India and Britain. He rode for clever trainers, maharajahs, kings, queens, princesses and, unknowingly, gangsters. Along the way he encountered horses such as Phar Lap, Peter Pan, Winooka, Equipoise and Sayajirao and rode in the Melbourne Cup, Baltimore Handicap, Derby, St Leger, Oaks and Eclipse Stakes. He rode with Jim Pike, Darby Munro, Johnny Longden, Gordon Richards and Lester Piggott. He won the second-most English classic races for an Australian, has a national award and is in the racing Hall of Fame .
648 ::: A Day in Their Shoes (2016) ::: documentary ::: Living their entire private lives in public view, no door to close no curtain to draw. From 5 minutes past midnight to 5 minutes past the following midnight we join in their routines and techniques for survival. Cape Town, Sydney, Săo Paulo, New York, Berlin and Bangkok move next to each other on just one day. It's New Year's Eve. As we recycle, beg and forage the rest of the world celebrates behind.
649 ::: "BFA the Series" (2014) ::: comedy ::: In BFA, four recent college graduates are trying to find their niche in the Baltimore theatre scene when peer and rival, Ryan Lerchman, returns home after his successful stint in "the biz." As Ryan tries to make himself at home in a place he is unwelcome, his new habits learned while on the road follow, shaking up the lives of his begrudging roommates and old friends. A web of romances, friendships, and business partnerships intertwine as these 20-something artists navigate through post-college life in Charm City.
650 ::: Pamela's Prayer (1998) ::: drama ::: This period piece motion picture portrays the unique and heartfelt story of Pamela Bucklin from her birth in 1969 to her wedding day in 1991. When her mother dies at birth, Pamela is raised by her father, Wayne. He makes a commitment to pray with his daughter each and every night. He also raises her with a very high standard of purity before marriage. In an age when purity is scoffed at by the world, and even in some Christian circles, this movie presents the message with inspiration and perspective. Also, the prayerful commitment of Wayne Bucklin is an example for all who are in a parental role.
651 ::: Fakin (2017) ::: drama ::: Glen's released from prison with expectations from Doo Breezy, with no success. Instead, he and childhood friend Staria take the streets by storm as friend Tee is murdered during a lucrative robbery. After Glenn's assassination attempt, he decides to master the game, which leads to disloyalty and bloodshed.
652 ::: Their Stories (2006) ::: short ::: Each generation soldiering takes on new faces with very similar objectives. But what does it mean to 'fight for your country'? How do those who wear the uniform differ? 'Their stories' enlightens its audience with intimate details by those who have picked up arms, both willingly and unwillingly, to defend the flag.
653 ::: The Subversives (2017) ::: documentary ::: A modest man whose wife cut his hair, Theo van Boven becomes Director of Human Rights for the UN in 1977. No bureaucrat, he battles the most repressive regimes of the late 20th century, beginning with Chile and Argentina and opens his UN door for the first time to "subversive" survivors from across the world.
654 ::: American Nobody (2016) ::: drama ::: A coming-of-age story about a rambunctious teenage boy (18), Andrew, who finds himself kicked out of his home with a kid on the way. Andrew man's up and provides for his family for years but learns that his job at a locally-owned business is closing down. Down on his luck, he is tempted to make quick illegal cash and is pulled into the dark world of drug trafficking only to discover secrets from his past.
655 ::: Double or Nutin' (2009) ::: comedy ::: This show is based around the life of one local celebrity impersonator who tries to start his own local cable TV variety show - using celebrity impersonators - and the troubles and the strifes that he goes through, not only in his work as an actor, but in his daily life.
656 ::: Norte (2018) ::: drama ::: Alejo, an archaeologist from Lima, Peru, travels to Newmarket, Canada, where his Peruvian family migrated years ago. It is his first time back in two decades and since the death of his mother. His arrival arouses mixed feelings in his father and two brothers, while an unexpected bond forms between Alejo and Sophie, his brother's girlfriend. During Alejo's stay in Newmarket, old family resentments are rekindled and dark secrets are brought to light. Alejo must finally confront the truth about himself and his family, and decide whether his future lies in Canada or Peru.
657 ::: Oinui jagaek (1968) ::: action ::: Lee Hyang seeks to hire the services of the swordsmen known as the Five Devils in order to remove the crown prince from the crown and seize power. However, Hyang does not realize that he has someone loyal to the prince within his own family who hopes to find a way to save the rightful monarch.
658 ::: Bowy is inside (2012) ::: drama ::: Four friends visit an outdoor festival. In the queue mass panic arises. Their relationships inform the way the friends react during the chaos. One of them is killed, the remaining friends are seen as a hero, a victim and a villain. But aren't the victims guilty as well. And isn't the bad-guy also a victim?
659 ::: 220 Miles (2018) ::: documentary ::: 220 MILES documents the journey of the brave New Zealand women who decided to take a stand against family violence and establish the Waikato Women's Refuge Te Whakaruruhau. Their story unearths the truth about family violence in rural New Zealand and their determination to create solace for those in mortal danger and be the voice for victims who cannot speak for themselves. On their journey, they are met with many seemingly unsurmountable challenges that threatens their vision. During the course of 220 MILES we see how they were inspired by their ancestors who had a similar vision for the people of Aotearoa and how Samaritans and business people rise up with them to create a sustainable refuge for all women, men and children.
660 ::: Gandha (2009) ::: drama ::: An ensemble of three independent stories is bound together by characters, who are going through experiences involving the senses of smell. The stories depict the complexity of relationships and their varied emotional landscape. Lagnachya Vayachi Mulgi (A Bride To Be) is a romantic comedy taking shape in the old Pune city area of Sadashiv Peth. Aushadh ghenara Manus (A Man On Medicines), is the tale of Sarang, a fashion photographer, whose wife Raavi returns to meet him one day and his life changes forever. Baajoola Basleli Baai (A Woman Sitting Aside), takes place on a stormy night in a village. Janaki, cannot attend to the newly born baby in the house and has to make do by doing nothing.
661 ::: The Enchanted Cottage (1924) ::: drama ::: A crippled World War I veteran retracts to a small cottage in the countryside to escape from his nosy family and to hide from the outside world. There he meets a plain but also a very kind young woman. She reveals to him that the house he is staying in is in fact a very old honeymoon cottage. Spirits of newlyweds from the past, who are still swirling through the cottage, soon cast a love spell upon them.
662 ::: Matriarhat (1977) ::: drama ::: The action took place in a Bulgarian village, inhabited mostly by women. Bereft of means for living, their husbands work in the town and are rare to show up. The women work, have fun and enjoy a wonderful sense of solidarity. The women's everyday life is not easy: they work in the fields, keep the houses going, they are lonely. They help each other, at times, quarrel, and dream along with the funny events that occur. However, it turns out that each of these women has own personal drama. Old Yordana, whose son is professor, has chosen to await death alone. Ganeta's husband wants her to seduce an auditor in the hope that the embezzlement for which he is eventually imprisoned will not be detected. Some time later she commits adultery against her will and suffers under the burden of her 'sin', which gets known in the village. Stipana, for her part, finds her only solace in the brandy she distils at home. And Zhela, just like Yordana, faces a lonely old age. Tana despises her husband for being unable to arrange their departure to the nearby city. This is what their life is like. They, however, stand up to hardship and hope springs eternal. This is a film about the rupture of family ties and the characters' deep-rooted love for their simple life close to nature.
663 ::: "Madare sefr darajeh" (2007) ::: drama ::: This drama centers on a love story between an Iranian-Palestinian Muslim man and a French Jewish woman. Over the course of the 22 episodes, the hero saves his love from Nazi detention camps, and Iranian diplomats in France forge passports for the woman and her family to sneak on to airplanes carrying Iranian Jews to their homeland. Based upon a true story of Abdol Hussein Sardari, who worked at the Iranian embassy in Paris and apparently saved the lives of thousands of European Jews by forging Iranian passports for them.
664 ::: I Believe You: Faiths' Response to Intimate Partner Violence (2010) ::: documentary ::: Produced with the support of The New York Board of Rabbis, United Methodist Women, Presbyterian Women, the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America, and a consortium of Muslim organizations, this one-hour program, featuring the music of Janis Ian, airs as part of the Interfaith Broadcasting Commission's Visions and Values Series. From rural programs such as the Susanna Wesley Family Learning Center in Missouri to urban programs such as First Step in Michigan, from prevention programs such as Healthy Relationships held at Camp Herzl in Wisconsin, to recognition programs like the Mikveh Attendants program in New Jersey, from support groups at Emma's Place in Minnesota to healing programs at Mayyim Hayyim in Massachusetts, faith groups are Facebook I believe You exploring ways to support, advocate for and help aid the healing of those who have been harmed by abuse. The program is filled with the hard won wisdom of survivors and the insight and understanding of clergy and program leaders
665 ::: Spoorweg (2006) ::: short ::: The nightmare begins when you lose track of your daughter on a moving train, just when you're on your way to return her to your ex wife. Simultaneously the poetry fest you're setting up begins to fall apart. It all gets worse when you notice the train to be riding in circles... Is it the waking dream of a guilt-ridden father, or could it be the vengeance of his angry little daughter?
666 ::: Juan De Marcos Gonzales: Absolutely Live (2011) ::: documentary ::: Juan de Marcos Gonzalez is one of the most important figures in Cuban music today. He has a mission to show the world the wealth, diversity and vitality of Cuban music. His work with the Afro-Cuban All Stars, the Buena Vista Social Club, Rubn Gonzlez, Ibrahim Ferrer, Sierra Maestra and others has made an extraordinary contribution to raising the profile of Cuban music throughout the world. However, neither his name nor his crucial contribution is well known to the general public and he remains something of an unsung hero of Cuban music.
667 ::: "Euh" (2014) ::: comedy ::: Benoit, 28, doesn't have a girlfriend, a job, and neither a project for his life. With the support of a friend, he goes to a life coaching to learn what he wants in his life. There, he meets Sylvie, a young and beautiful girl, and a probably future love interest. At 28, Benoit still has no girlfriend, let alone work, and especially no project in mind. Forced by his only friend, he agrees to participate in group therapy to learn to know what he really wants in life. This is where he will get acquainted with Sylvie, a young and pretty girl with whom he would like to engage.
668 ::: Reef Life of the Andaman (2012) ::: documentary ::: Reef Life of the Andaman is an in-depth study of the marine life of Thailand and Burma (Myanmar), filmed over more than 1000 dives beneath the Andaman Sea at the Similan Islands, Phuket, the Phi Phi Islands, Hin Daeng/Hin Muang, the Mergui Archipelago and the Burma Banks.
669 ::: La freccia di carne (2008) ::: short ::: This is a story about the extreme consequences of artistic delirium, aesthetic slavery, unexpressed talent and morbid imagination which degenerates into grave illness. It is a portrait of a mad man who is also damningly fascinating. It is the picture of two black and evil hearts that meet for fate's pleasure. It is a painting of an obscure and criminal side of the Piemontese province at the end of the 19th Century.
670 ::: This Happy Feeling (1958) ::: comedy ::: On a stormy night, young woman asks another guest at party to rescue her from her lecherous boss and take her to the train station. When her rescuer suggests that she stop at his place to get out of her wet clothes, she dashes from his car. The door she knocks on for help is the home of a retired actor and there she spends the rest of the night. He makes no passes and next morning she discovers young man who drove her from party is next door neighbor. The two men compete for her affections. Older man's zany live-in house-keeper and a seagull she has rescued provide comic relief.
671 ::: "Treasure Hunters" (2011) ::: adventure ::: Treasure Hunters (Arabic: Mustakshiful Kunooz) is an adventure/travel documentary series that explores the hobby/sport of geocaching, the global GPS treasure-hunting game, and introduces it to Middle Eastern audiences. With the region housing the world's most difficult and extreme hides, the Treasure Hunters team embarks on an adventure to find a new cache every week!
672 ::: Plus fort que la haine (1913) ::: drama ::: Opera singer Gina Gioverni only lives for her art and for her blind mother. One day, one of her admirers that she refused to marry commits suicide. Alexandre, a young artist, takes advantage of it to draw a satirical cartoon mocking the diva. His work happens to be published in the press and the public starts hissing her. She who is accustomed to the adulation of the public, finds it hard to stand general reprobation. She sets about taking vengeance on Alexandre...
673 ::: Borisek - malý serzhant (1976) ::: family ::: In a Byelorussian village the German soldiers massacred all the family except for a small boy who was shut in a metal barrel and sent down the river. Fortunately his moaning is overheard by soldiers of the Red Army and soldier Aljosa in a heavy firing draws the barrel near to the bank. Miserable Borisek, after recovery, becomes a regular member of the medical military service and attains the rank of younger sergeant.
674 ::: My Morning Jacket: Okonokos (2006) ::: music ::: My Morning Jacket: Okonokos is a live concert film by My Morning Jacket released on October 31, 2006. The film was recorded during the band's fall 2005 Z Tour, over two nights at The Fillmore in San Francisco, California. My Morning Jacket: Okonokos is as much a question as it is an answer. It is an enigma wrapped around a riddle. My Morning Jacket: Okonokos is whatever you want it to be. Filmed by Sam Erickson, mixed by Michael Brauer, and mastered by Bob Ludwig.
675 ::: Karma (2010/I) ::: drama ::: Piyal, 23 years old, troubled by feelings of guilt over his mother's death, decides to leave his family and moves to an old apartment in the city. He attempts to relieve himself of related and repressed tensions, through Amanda, a woman living in the house adjacent to his apartment. Through brief encounters, Piyal begins to see Amanda as the woman who is able to fill the void that existed within him.
676 ::: Tangent Line (2016) ::: short ::: Tangent Line is the first experimental film from the series Synesthetic Cineaesthetic, by artist and filmmaker Carol Camp. In this film, Carol uses photography and superimposition combined with sounds and voices in multiple languages to convey the theme of the film.
677 ::: Rocket Compulsion (2011) ::: documentary ::: This is the story of a tenacious Australian Jet Pilot, David Mayman, as he strives to achieve his childhood dream of building and free-flying his very own Rocket Belt, only to discover he faces a nearly impossible task. Collaborating with the world's leading Rocket Belt engineers David risks life and limb to become the world's next Rocketman. ROCKET COMPULSION will take the audience on a ride that shows point blank why less people have flown Rocket Belts than have walked on the Moon.
678 ::: 171,15 - te besteden in Afrika (1994) ::: documentary ::: Portrait of Menno Sypkens Smit, a Dutchman who has lived and worked for the last twenty years in Senegal. With the inhabitants he has developed small-scale projects to serve the community and which fit in with the local African way of life. From time to time he returns to Holland where he tries to collect money and goods for his projects.
679 ::: Pallati 176 (1986) ::: comedy ::: English: A comedy by well-known Albanian theater. A comedy known and loved by all, under the interpretation of the most famous actors of the Albanian National Theatre. A comedy that provides only laughter. Albanian: Nje komedi nga Teatri Popullor Shqiptar. Komedia me e njohur dhe me e dashur për të gjithë, nën interpretimin e aktoreve më të njohur të Teatrit Kombëtar. Nje komedi qe siguron vetem te qeshura.
680 ::: Homeboy (1997) ::: short ::: This is the whimsical story of a young man who breaks up his family by bringing them together. Since his mother died, 18 year old Michael fears anything which threatens the stability of his home life. However, his father is about to move to Sweden for a year taking his sisters with him. Michael has already received confirmation of a place in Cambridge, but would prefer to stay at home with his family, 'mothering' them, a role which he has naturally graduated towards. He decides to tell his father that he has not been accepted at University, assuming that he will now be going to Sweden with the rest of the family. His father, however, does not consider this to be an option. Michael is distraught and believes that he will lose his role as surrogate mother unless he takes drastic action. He plots to fiendishly destroy the links which the rest of the family have established with the outside world.
681 ::: Children in Need Rocks the 80s (2017) ::: music ::: A star-studded line-up celebrates the decade which saw BBC Children in Need's first major appeal. Hosted by Fearne Cotton and Sara Cox, with Roman Kemp capturing all the excitement backstage, this spectacular fundraiser includes performances from a-ha, Bananarama, Boy George, Erasure, Europe, Imagination, Jason Donovan, Katrina, Louisa Johnson, Mica Paris, Nick Heyward, OMD and UB40 featuring Ali, Astro and Mickey. So dust off your shoulder pads, pull on your legwarmers and join in with the audience, who will be dancing the night away to a whole host of 80s classics.
682 ::: A Soldier's Christmas (2006) ::: fantasy ::: On Christmas Eve, television news reporter Joe Storm is mysteriously transported from his back yard to a battlefield in Afghanistan. There he discovers first hand the heart and motivation of American soldiers in the field and the importance of their mission.
683 ::: Journey of the Heart: Henri Nouwen (2004) ::: documentary ::: A Roman Catholic priest, academic and author, Nouwen possessed a unique insight into the human condition. Through his many books, Father Nouwen wrote passionately and eloquently about the human communion of frailty and brokenness, while identifying and addressing the pressing spiritual needs of today. Journey of the Heart is thoughtful and thought-provoking look at the life of this unassuming, charismatic scholar considered by many of his contemporaries as having one of the best and brightest minds of his time.
684 ::: Et la femme créa Hollywood (2016) ::: documentary ::: The first talkie was directed by Alice Guy, the first color film was produced by Lois Weber, who directed more than 300 films over 10 years. Frances Marion wrote screenplays for the Hollywood Star Mary Pickford and won two Oscars, Dorothy Arzner was the most powerful film director in Hollywood. And what do all of them have in common? They are all women and they have all been forgotten. Incredibly, it also took until 2010 for the first woman, Kathryn Bigelow, to win the Oscar for Best Director. Even if underrepresented women have always played a big part in Hollywood and it is this part of the film history left untold that this documentary sets out to uncover.
685 ::: Baby Snatcher (1992) ::: drama ::: A woman is delighted to have given birth to a baby girl but her life is turned into a nightmare when she goes missing. The police mount a frantic search but to the woman's horror she finds out that it's herself who is the main suspect.
686 ::: 50 Bucks (2003) ::: comedy ::: Danny Decanter has never held a job or accepted any amount of responsibility. At 25, he still dates high school girls, borrows his Dad's car, gets breakfast delivered in bed by his Mom, watches Saturday morning cartoons, and receives a $50 allowance. Today, however, Danny's father gives him an ultimatum: fend for yourself or leave the house. Throughout a day-long journey, Danny meets a series of characters - each with a different life lesson to present. And Danny's first comical encounter with the girl of his dreams makes the impossible possible.
687 ::: Paarungen (1967) ::: drama ::: (1960) Felix Martin, Francoise Brion, Michelle Mercier. This scary gem takes place in and about an eerie country mansion and local cemetery. A playboy is threatened with death. He hires a detective to protect him. Terrifying things soon happen. The sinister shadow of an unknown killer prowls the grounds in the black of the night. Things eventually end up in a local graveyard where our hero is sealed within a cement tomb! From 16mm. In his debut film Michael Verhoeven adapted Strindberg's drama "The Dance of Death": On a lonely island in the North Sea, end of the 19th century, an aged couple makes life a living hell. Edgar (Paul Verhoeven) is a retired fortress commander, Alice (Lilli Palmer) a former actress who was never really successful. One day, Kurt (Karl Michael Vogler), Alice's cousin, and at the same time her former lover, joined them. Alice still loves him and hopes to escape Edgar, Edgar tries to win him as an ally, but Kurt is repelled by the undignified marital war of the two. Meanwhile, Judith (Ilona Grübel), the daughter of Alice and Edgar, reenacts the destructive relationship between the two with Kurt's sensitive son Allan.
688 ::: Piet Piraat en de mysterieuze mummie (2010) ::: family ::: Piet's crew is hired by aunt Cleo to return an Egyptian mummy home from a museum. Berend discovers the sarcophagus is empty and can't resist disguising himself as a mummy to frighten his crew-mates into allowing him to feast on the food supplies. However he's found out and locked up in the galley, then finds the real mummy also in there, which has worse intentions.
689 ::: Alien Encounters from New Tomorrowland (1995) ::: documentary ::: 'Robert Urich (I)' (qv), the legendary Jim Street in _"S.W.A.T." (1975)_ (qv), is the host of this voyage around the UFO's and its mystery. From New Tomorrowland, in Disneyland, Urich talks about UFO, contacts, evidences of its arrives, abductions, military documents and other things what surround this controversial thematic. From the 30's years ahead, the UFOs always have been there very close to us, everyday, every time. Exist the aliens?, in truth they come to planet Earth?, could it be a fiction created by the military? And the last and most important question: if they exists, would they will be our friends...or our enemies?
690 ::: Sleeper: Deadly Recall (????) ::: action ::: Sarah, an American Sleeper agent is sent to Europe to retrieve officially lost CIA Intel. Unbeknownst to Sarah she has been active in Europe on and off since the cold war. Each time she is sent back under hypnosis and with different identities, of which she later has no recollection. The current mission is a one way ticket as CIA field agent Howard Stone intends to rid the CIA of all Sleeper agents, as in some cases the memory is starting to break through and national security is at risk. Alexander Krauss, a burned out CIA agent at the end of his career is assigned to bring Sarah to Europe for her last mission, posing as her fake husband. Once activated Sarah becomes a deadly killing machine and does not recognize Alexander Krauss, who turns rogue once he realizes she has been set up. She is ordered to kill him as he desperately tries to save her from an invariable death sentence upheld by the CIA.
691 ::: Cut & Paste (2009) ::: horror ::: A film producer is trying to sign the deal of a life time before a demented gimp kills the cast & crew to his latest film.
692 ::: La maldición de la momia azteca (1957) ::: horror ::: The evil Dr. Krupp, once again trying to get possession of the Aztec princess Xochitl's jewels, hypnotizes her current reincarnation, Flor, to get her to reveal the jewels' location - Xochitl's tomb. Confusion reigns as Krupp and his thugs are opposed by Flor's lover, Dr. Almada, his assistant, and wrestling superhero, El Angel. Krupp finally meets his match, however, when he comes up against Popoca, the warrior mummy who guards Xochitl's tomb.
693 ::: Getting Into the Game (2009) ::: talk-show ::: In October 2008 the Writers Guild Foundation presented, for the first time, an all-day craft seminar focused on writing videogames. It gathered together writers, distributors, producers, an agent, a lawyer, a WGA analyst and some prominent journalists in the field, and asked them to share their expertise, experience and some insights they have gained from working in the medium. The result is Getting Into the Game, which we hope you find as instructive and informative as did our attendees.
694 ::: "Africans of Hollywood" (2017) ::: drama ::: When a group of strangers meet at a club and discover they share the same African roots and love for the arts, a friendship and community ensues. The struggles of the business and personal differences get in the way. Can they survive the town and the friendship?
695 ::: Miss Universe 2014 (2015) ::: reality-tv ::: A bunch of rich good looking women compete for who is the most shallow and who can most misrepresent the women of the world. With drama, heartbreak, spray tan and more, this worldwide celebration of the advances in plastic surgery should have you hanging on the edge of your seat.
696 ::: Le viol du vampire (1968) ::: horror ::: This low budget first film from director Jean Rollin is in reality two very loosely-connected, surreally erotic shorts about vampirism. In the first, three Parisians including a psychoanalyst try to convince four neurotic sisters living in a decaying country chateau that their belief that they are 200 year old vampires is false. The alluring young women are influenced and controlled by a enigmatic disembodied voice which turns out to be the an aging, aristocratic lord of the manor, whose motives are unclear but clearly perverse. Local rustics unite to hunt down and kill the sanguine siblings. In the second, the Queen of the Vampires and her acolytes arrive on the scene, resurrect the dead, and promulgate the cause of the Undead while a medical researcher works to find an antidote to vampirism.
697 ::: "Paraiso ko'y ikaw" (2014) ::: drama ::: Paraiso Ko'y Ikaw tells the story of Tupe and Josephine who will grow up in a remote island known as Isla de Amor. In this island, they will discover everything about life and love without the interference of the rest of the world at a very young age. Over the years, their mutual affection for each other develops into a beautiful, innocent young love since they have known nobody else but themselves in the island. By some twist of fate, Josephine and Tupe will be separated when they decided to leave Isla de Amor. An accident occurs and Josephine will return in the island by herself while Tupe will be rescued by Badong. Josephine is devastated and thinks that Tupe did not survive and he is already dead. Will Josephine and Tupe's paths cross again? Will the young lovers fulfill their destiny to once and for all be together? Or will Josephine be ready to embrace a new love with Brix?
698 ::: From Orphan to King (2005) ::: documentary ::: For fifteen million years orangutans roamed tropical forests from China to South East Asia. In Borneo, one of their last island outposts, lives one today who is a legend. He's won more than just a kingdom, he's won human hearts. They gave him the name Kusasi. The Orangutan King is the story of Kusasi's life told to us by a remarkable witness. Dr Birute M. Galdikas has been researching orangutans in Borneo for over 40 years. Under the guidance of Louis Leakey, Galdikas joined Jane Goodall and Dian Fossey to become a pioneer of Great Ape field research. Together they were known as the 'trimates', or 'Leakey's Angels'. Yet while Goodall's chimpanzees and Fossey's gorillas were made familiar through films, the orangutans are still largely unknown to television audiences. Their solitary lives high in the tree canopy have made them difficult to follow and film. Now, for the first time, Dr Galdikas will draw audiences deep into the orangutan universe. With enthusiasm and insight she tells us this special story - taking us back 30 years and unfolding Kusasi's story with detail, energy, and the wonder that she still feels for the orangutan species. As a three year old orphan, Kusasi fell under the care of Galdikas in her forest research camp. But driven by a cunning and tenacious spirit Kusasi did not behave as the other ex-captive infants. From the moment he arrived until today, Galdikas has watched Kusasi fight to win back and then succeed at life in the wild. And he's achieved what had once seemed impossible, reaching the top of the power hierarchy and ruling for ten years. The people who work at Camp Leakey enjoy his charisma, and even those who only visit him in his forest kingdom are struck with awe. As Julia Roberts was in 1997. Her encounter with Kusasi was unplanned - becoming a tight clinch with an irritable 140 kilo beast, possessing the strength of ten men. But she was unharmed. Kusasi is not malicious, and he's respected as much for his indifference to humans as for his power over the other orangutans. Today his spirit still burns brightly but his physical strength is fading. His fights with the rogue males who cross his borders are weakening him and The Orangutan King is the last chance for us to see him in power. But the hope of this film is that he will not be the last of his kind to rule with such strength in his forests. If the forest destruction can be stopped, there is a long future for the considerable Kusasi bloodline.
699 ::: Zombie Cop (1991) ::: horror ::: During a drug raid, a narcotics officer confronts a strange Voodoo priest named Dr. Death, who is chanting. The officer and the priest shoot it out and they both wind up dead. Later, the two rise from their graves and return to the land of the living as zombies. Dr. Death is resurrected with a new mission in mind, to take over the world. The "zombie" cop enlists the aid of his old police buddies to stop the mad priest.
700 ::: The Wild Horse Stampede (1926) ::: western ::: Cowboy Jack Carter, the proud owner of the Australian shepherd Bunk, accepts the challenge of corralling 10,000 wild horses within a 10-day period. With the enormous sum for his efforts, Jack prepares to propose to Jessie Hayden. Unfortunately, Jack finds out, that his rival Charlie Champion has beaten him to it. Charlie dispatched by the wild horse Stampede however.
701 ::: Industrial Light & Magic: Creating the Impossible (2010) ::: documentary ::: A look over the incredible work of ILM and how they revolutionised the way we see film with the introduction and advances of CGI or Computer Generated Image. This documentary takes us from the incredible start of effects to creating Star Wars and then advance to really demonstrate how it can be blended in with Jurassic Park to now a culture of films that can't avoid the technology and is another tool for the directors belt.
702 ::: The Civil War in Iowa: Lamoni, Corydon & Davis County (2014) ::: documentary ::: The spirit of the past came to life as living history actors staged Civil War battles in the fields of southern Iowa. Infantry clashed and rifles rattled. Cavalry swept around the troops at a gallop with revolvers blazing. And nearby, up on the ridges, artillery thundered and great fireballs shot out the barrels of the big guns. This documentary covered three Civil War reenactments in Iowa held during 2013 - events at Lamoni, Corydon and Davis County. It featured the battle scenarios plus much more. The documentary included a portrayal of Abraham Lincoln as he delivered after dinner remarks at the Inn of the Six Toed Cat in Allerton, Iowa. It showed a number of other living history portrayals - a blacksmith hammering on an anvil, a broom maker, a period doctor and a couple of spinners pedaling their spinning wheels. Plus, a number of old time musicians were covered playing fiddles, banjos and guitars. The film also included a truly unique event - a night fire. Artillery lined up and shot rounds during the dark of night. The big guns spewed fire that resembled a 4th of July explosion. The colors of the rainbow glowed in the dark.
703 ::: Baby Shower (2011) ::: horror ::: Four ex classmates get together to celebrate the pregnancy of one of them. The venue chosen for the party is a country house located one hour away from the city. It has been a while since the four of them saw each other for the last time and one recently committed betrayal threatens to destroy their long and deep friendship. The revelation of a dark secret and a series of violent deaths transform the baby shower into a nightmare. A very disturbing one.
704 ::: "Liang jian" (2005) ::: action ::: During the Second Sino-Japanese War, Chen Geng is the commander of the 386th brigade, part of the 129th division of the Eighth Route Army. Subordinate to Chen is Li Yun Long, who leads his regiment for the fight against the Japanese invaders. Although rash and rough in personality, Li Yun Long possesses brilliant military skills, which he carries with him from the war against the Japanese to the Chinese Civil War.
705 ::: Western Racketeers (1934) ::: western ::: Cattlemen use Alamo Pass in order to get their cattle to market. A gang has taken it over and charges a toll to go through it. When one rancher doesn't have enough money to pay the toll, he winds up dead. A local rancher, Bill Bowers, investigates the killing, but his neighbor and rival Molly Spellman decides to take her cattle around the pass instead of through it to avoid the toll. The gangsters kidnap her, and Bill gathers the other ranchers in the area for a final showdown with the gang.
706 ::: Vegas Girl (????) ::: drama ::: Vegas Girl consists of flashbacks and present time in the 1970's era of Vegas glamour and grotesqueness. Maggie and Laraine's story- a Sin City-style mixed with The Glass Castle-encapsulates the surreal life of Las Vegas, and chronicles Maggie's early years of struggle and grief as she raised herself in a "reality" where nothing was real. She creates a future free of cruelty, fear, and dysfunction, far outside the glamorous yet soulless city in which she grew up.
707 ::: The Doorman (2007) ::: comedy ::: New York City's most famous and powerful nightclub gatekeeper, Trevor W., has somehow managed to lose his job at the door - but can't shake the documentary film crew following him. Trevor will play tour guide on his awkward journey down to earth as he comes to terms with his ego, identity and career options.
708 ::: The BIG Aircraft Carrier (1995) ::: family ::: THE BIG AIRCRAFT CARRIER: SEE a giant aircraft carrier in action! Go behind-the-scenes on the USS Nimitz. WATCH supersonic fighter jets take off and land! Follow Navy pilots on a mission. DISCOVER how a carrier works. Visit the control tower, bridge, kitchens, hanger deck, and more! EXPERIENCE what it's like to live on board a floating city of almost 6000 people!
709 ::: "Get Cooking with the Stars" (2012) ::: talk-show ::: International Celebrities join Host Laurie Belle and renowned chefs such as Tojo to cook and chat about their Latest Projects. The guests "Sing for their Supper" as we take them on various fishing, shopping, and different locales in a half hour variety show. Entertainment with a twist,
710 ::: The Shadowed Mind (1988) ::: thriller ::: Stephanie, arrives as a patient at a private clinic for sufferers of sexual dysfunction run by Dr Hildesheimer. Stephanie's fellow patients all have their own issues including inhibition, neurosis, fixation, delusions etc. Stephanie begins a tentative affair with one of the other patients while a killer stalks the institution.
711 ::: Requiem - A Remembrance of Star Trek: The Next Generation (2013) ::: documentary ::: This blu-ray exclusive multi-part documentary explores the making of Star Trek: The Next Generation's fifth season and focuses on the drastic changes to the show and the production family after the passing of creator Gene Roddenberry halfway though the year. Features all key cast and crew members sharing their stories of working with Roddenberry and bidding farewell to the Great Bird of the Galaxy.
712 ::: "Press for Democracy" (2005) ::: news ::: Press for Democracy is a TV NewsMagazine featuring 1/2 hour shows on issues of importance to the community, state, nation, and world. It is written and produced by Janice Markham and Stevi Carroll and hosted by Janice Markham. Each show explores issues of pressing importance through interviews in the studio as well as with existing and original footage. In our Press for Democracy: Film Series we present interviews with progressive filmmakers and provide a format for airing their films.
713 ::: "Pierce" (2017) ::: action ::: Pierce is a crime thriller web series that follows the journey of John Pierce, an off-the-rails homicide detective with the NYPD, as he spirals into an obsessive manhunt to avenge his friend. He's not only willing to risk his marriage and career, but his very character as he resorts to whatever means necessary in order to see the man responsible suffer... and his own name cleared.
714 ::: Hrubes a Mares jsou kamarádi do deste (2005) ::: comedy ::: Vaclav Hrubes ('Jan Budar (I)' (qv)) and Josef Mares ('Richard Krajco (III)' (qv)) are pals: They have no money; they are neither too smart nor too handsome. Hrubes works as a ticket inspector, Mares has no job at all. However he is a prominent member of the fan club of the Czech pop star 'Hana Zagorová' (qv) and tries to lose weight each month with a different method. Both intensely long for love, women and a nice job. When his despotic father ('Miroslav Donutil' (qv)) kicks Hrubes out of his home, his mother ('Iva Janzurová' (qv)) is on the brink of a nervous breakdown and Mares's grandmother dies, our two guys start to live together.
715 ::: Beauty (1998) ::: romance ::: The "beauty" is talented painter Alix Miller. Her father, Alexander, is scheduled to go to the isolated Crompton mansion in New Hampshire to paint a family portrait of the mysterious, reclusive author Lee Crompton, but he falls ill and cannot. Alix decides to take his place. Much to her shock, Lee is horribly disfigured from a disease called acromegaly. Still, she has an obligation and so goes on with the painting. But as time goes on, they finds themselves increasingly drawn romantically to each other, despite the enigmatic Lee's own fears.
716 ::: Perfection Is the Enemy of Good (2015) ::: documentary ::: Growing up my father has always been an inspiration to me, and this film chronicles my journey to discover the true stories of his past that led to his imaginative and inspiring fundamentals of raising 3 girls and 1 boy. I didn't realize, when I began this intrinsic quest how dark the rabbit hole could get. Wall St. in the 80's, hitch hiking across the United States, and kid napping filling only a portion of the rear view mirror he calls his memories, this tale brings to to life the power of free will, imagination, love, determination, the most basic of humanistic traits, the fight for survival.
717 ::: Two Flaming Youths (1927) ::: comedy ::: Sheriff Ben Holden is in love with hotel owner Madge Malarkey when down-and-out carnival man Gabby Gilfoil shows up hoping to take her for some money. Gilfoil is mistaken for the wanted man Slippery Sawtelle. Neither suitor gets Malarkey but manage to take her husband (wealthy Simeon Trott) for a bundle.
718 ::: Memoirs of a Medium (2015) ::: documentary ::: There is currently a spiritual awakening happening worldwide. After being suppressed and told what is normal by religious institutions for long periods of history, people today can speak their mind and practice alternative beliefs as they wish. They are not fearful of any repercussions or any stigma attached. They are Spiritualists, and Spiritualism is here to stay. Memoirs of a Medium looks at the current spiritual revolution from the perspective of the people involved. We tell the true life story of Sean Conway as he comes to understand that he is a spiritual medium. Sean was just like any child growing up in the seventies, coming from a large family in a small house in Sligo. He spent his days exploring the countryside with his identical twin brother Liam. All seemed well by day, however by night Sean was being visited by strange visitors, people from the distant past. Petrified by fear, Sean told others of his experiences, but they fell on deaf ears. With nowhere to turn, not even his twin brother, he began to feel isolated and decided to not speak of it. Only when he meets Asha, his spiritual mother, does he discover his true calling, spiritual medium-ship. With change however, came resistance, from both his inner self and also the people around him. We explore how after first being frightened of ridicule, he now uses his gift to help others. Reflecting the complexity of medium-ship and spirituality as a religion, academic experts and grassroots activists explain this shift in beliefs and tell us what they are exactly. They tell of the benefits certain people gain from medium-ship. Shot on location in Ireland, Memoirs of a Medium reveals this new spiritual revolution. It asks what is a medium and how does one become one?
719 ::: It Ain't Easy (2006) ::: drama ::: A pimp is only married to one thing in his life and that's the game! Nothing and no one can come between him and his money. Mack's life was a little different, he was rare and real as the game itself. Being the son of a pimp and having a prostitute as a mother, his ability to walk a thin line of love and hate between drugs and pimps, and life and death made him fearless and very dangerous. The streets were hot this summer and payback was the only peace of mind Mack was looking for. He had only one person to see no matter what, Memphis Slimm.
720 ::: Flip Chicks (1973) ::: adult ::: Flip Chicks spotlights the tremendous talents, acting as well as sexual, of the legendary Georgina Spelvin. Miss Spelvin is enlisted by three young roommates to make a porno filim to help raise rent money and stave off their lecherous landlord. Cindy West and Darby Lloyd Rains begin by interviewing Mark "10 1/2" Stevens who earns a role in the film after they measure his rock-hard equipment (it turns out to actually be 9 inches long). Georgina performs with legendary skillfulness as she engages Darby in a hot and sticky lesbian love fest and later in the film propels an intense three-way. The last scene is a torrid threesome involving Darby, Cindy West and Steven Tucker. The three young ladies, headed by the insatiable Darby, do a remarkable job of acting along side such a gifted, au-natural actress as Georgina Spelvin. The above par sex and natural bodies, as in most golden age adult films, retains the familiar air of believability (?) that endears its fans to this particular era of adult film.
721 ::: Fallen Angel (1981) ::: drama ::: Twelve year old Jennifer is unhappy with her widowed mom's relationship with a family friend. Feeling lonely, she readily accepts the friendship of an adult man named Howie and joins the softball team he coaches. Soon, Howie is convincing Jennifer to pose for photographs which become more and more revealing. Howie turns out to be a pedophile who works in child pornography and he plans to make Jennifer a "star". Will Jennifer's mother be able to help her daughter before it's too late?
722 ::: Facing Hate (1991) ::: documentary ::: Nobel Laureate and human rights advocate Elie Wiesel talks with Bill Moyers about his own childhood experiences at Auschwitz and analyzes the source of Nazi hatred toward Jews--"we weren't human in their eyes." Wiesel reflects on his own apparent inability to hate, and discusses ethnic hatred at work in Bosnia and other Eastern European countries since the end of the Cold War. Of contemporary world affairs, Wiesel says that "Hate is a common threat... Eastern Europe is gaining freedom. The American government and the Russian government are now almost allies... What jeopardizes those achievements is hate."
723 ::: Oru Second Class Yathra (2015) ::: drama ::: Police constables Balagopal (Sreejith Ravi) and Jolly Kurien (Joju George) have been at odds for years but are under orders to transfer two prisoners Nandu(Vineeth Sreenivasan)and Maran (Chemban Vinod Jose) from Kannur to Trivandrum. But on the way one prisoner escapes. The two officers with second prisoner were hope to find the missing one before the day ends.
724 ::: Unauthorized and Proud of It: Todd Loren's Rock 'n' Roll Comics (2005) ::: documentary ::: The controversial publisher of unauthorized comic book biographies of rock stars, Todd Loren, was praised by some (Gene Simmons, Jerry Garcia, Nick Mason) and threatened with law suits by others (Axl Rose, Bon Jovi, Skid Row). But the California Supreme Court ruled that Rock'N'Roll Comics was protected by the First Amendment, and Todd could continue publishing. His mysterious murder more than thirteen years ago has remained unsolved with suspicions that he had been killed by Andrew Cunanan, the murderer of Gianni Versace. BulletProof Film's innovative documentary mixes hilarious animation and eerie home video of Todd with interviews that reflect the divergent opinions about him and his legacy. Characters from the comic book world interviewed in the film include Mary Fleener, Dennis Worden, Robert Williams, Denis Kitchen, Gary Groth, and Steve Crompton, along with British music critic Ian Shirley (author of Can Rock and Roll Save the World?) and reflections on the mix of Rock'N'Roll and comic books by Mojo Nixon and Alice Cooper.
725 ::: Born Lucky (2005) ::: documentary ::: Born Lucky is the story of Neil, a fireman in the RAF and the filmmaker's son. Neil says he was born lucky because he wasn't born in Iraq and because he came back from the war. But even the lucky ones have a story to tell. Born Lucky is a compelling and original insight into a soldier's experience of war and it's aftermath for him and his family.
726 ::: "The Strange & Mysterious Life of Jackson Bean" (2015) ::: sci-fi ::: Due to a sudden shift in the global climate, the world as we once knew it has suffered catastrophic circumstances. The survivors have sought refuge in massive underground bunkers where they live and thrive. That is, until Jackson Bean wakes up from his dream.
727 ::: Sweetest Lobby Lobby (2014) ::: drama ::: This is a story about a Christian woman named Tanya James who survives domestic violence. She believed she was in love with her husband, even though he controlled the relationship by abusing her physically and emotionally. The Ambassador from Nigeria who is also her boss comes into the picture. From the moment he laid eyes on Tanya, he was instantly hooked, but being the sweet person that he is he never let her know how he felt. But, then when things started getting out of control with Tanya and her husband, he steps in. A lot of things happen but, luckily it does ends up being a happy ending...for some.
728 ::: Cyber Optics (2012) ::: animation ::: Cyber, the Ruler of Information in the Digital World, is stressed because he can't be everywhere at once to solve Cyber Crime. The Divine Artificial Intelligence searches for a team to assist him and finds three teenage girls, Zip Java and Maya at a Magnet School for Technology. Cyber transfers their Genetic Code to Digital Code so they can traverse Cyber Space, rooting out Criminal Hackers and showing them the error of their evil ways. While almost as harrowing as navigating the halls of a High Tech High School, with classmates Crash Worm and Harumi, fighting cyber crime proves to be a lot more fun.
729 ::: Like Stones in Water (2010) ::: short ::: A demented old man's memories are buried deep like stones in water. He throws stones into a lake and each stone recalls the surface happiness in his life. Only a family tragedy has the force to shatter the surface and reveal the truth behind the hidden memories.
730 ::: 27 Matches (2018) ::: drama ::: The story of 27 Matches follows a small group of sex traffickers who have set up a temporary base of operations at a seemingly abandoned warehouse. As Igor, a Russian ex patriot, runs the operation, he is assisted by Yuri and Ryan, who has ties to the mafia. Yuri's first day on the job sees him finding out that a group of girls are kept prisoner until they meet whatever fate has in store for them. For the rest of them, it's business as usual for this group of traffickers. When Yuri goes with his uncle Igor to learn his trade, he never suspects what's in store for him. In a dark warehouse downtown, where women are commodities, and clients are unpredictable, his first day on the job will be shocking. For the rest of the sex traffickers, it's just business as usual. Or is it?"
731 ::: Round Trip (2012/III) ::: drama ::: Walid and Souhaire are unmarried lovers, which poses lots of problems for them in Damascus. Souhaire connives a visit to family in Tehran so that she and Walid can enjoy a weekend together but the journey leaves them questioning their relationship.
732 ::: The Big Wave (1961) ::: drama ::: Yukio, a farm boy, and Toru, a fisherboy, live in a small Japanese village that is periodically threatened by a volcano on one side and tidal waves on the other. Yukio's younger sister Setsu follows then and dreams of becoming a pearl diver. Toru is preparing to go fishing with his father when a bell tolls and a danger flag is hung high on the hill behind the village to warn of an impending tidal wave by the village patriarch, known as Old Gentleman. The fishermen consult the other village elders and decide that Old Gentleman is wrong and they will go on with their work. Old Gentleman comes down from his home and begs them to send their children to his hilltop home for their safety, but the refuse. That night, after Toru has gone to the home of his friend Yukio, a tidal wave destroys the village, leaving only a few survivors. Old Gentleman offers to take the orphaned Toru as his son but Toru, despite knowing he will live in wealth, decides to stay on with Yukio's poor family. Ten years later, Yukio and Toru are as brothers. Toru is saving his money to buy a boat and Haruko, a diver, offers to sell him one of hers as she has fallen in love with him. Setsu has also fallen in love with Toru, while Yukio loves Haruko. On the day of the annual shark hunt, Yukio convinces Toru to join in helping kill the sharks, and they are joined by Haruko and Setsu. The girls get into a fight over Toru. Toru sees the fight and pulls Haruko off the smaller Setsu. Yukio sees him throw her aside and attacks Toru, declaring his own love for Haruko, while Toru reveals that it is Setsu whom he loves. Later, as Toru and Setsu discuss their wedding, Old Gentleman overhears their plans to go back to fishing. He hates the sea, as it killed his son thirty years ago, and offers them the biggest farm in the village if they will work it. He says he will not warn them of any more waves if the refuse. They do refuse, but tell him he will still warn them as he is a good man, but they will pay heed to his wisdom in the future.
733 ::: Small Island (2009) ::: drama ::: In 1939 Hortense, illegitimate but intelligent and ambitious, is brought up on Jamaica with the family of charismatic, free-thinking Michael, who joins the Air Force when war breaks out and goes to England. After the war, Hortense, now a qualified teacher, makes a marriage of convenience to Gilbert Joseph, paying for his passage to England on condition he sends for her. She not only hopes to see Michael again but believes that living in Britain will give her more scope. When she arrives in London in 1948, she is extremely disappointed by the one room in which they must live and the obvious colour prejudice. Queenie, their liberal landlady, is also a woman used to disappointment, marrying decent but dull and sexless Bernard to get her away from the family farm. Whilst Bernard - now presumed missing - was in the Air Force during the war, she first took in lodgers from the armed forces, partly for the company, including Michael, with whom she had sex. In the concluding episode both Hortense and Gilbert suffer colour prejudice as her teaching qualification from Jamaica is not recognized in England and he is bullied at work. However the shared experience brings them closer and she comes to love him. Michael reappears,on his way to emigrate to Canada to avoid bigotry,but he spends a night with Queenie,who ends up pregnant. After he has gone Bernard returns,after being interned,and wants to make it up to Queenie and start again. Fortunately for all concerned Hortense and Gilbert experience an unexpected stroke of luck which will benefit everybody.
734 ::: Production (1996) ::: documentary ::: A series of images of Sichuan teahouses shot with a handy camcorder by a young artist whose installations and paintings have been representative of Chinese contemporary art in exhibits around the world. The filmmaker explores emerging forms and space in the context of understanding a mechanism of information transmission, a theme that is also apparent in his installation works.
735 ::: Lost Treasures of the Ancient World: The Celts (2000) ::: documentary ::: Long-buried treasures and newly discovered monuments are shedding new light on Celtic society. Classical writers condemned what they saw as the barbarian society - a lifestyle built around rituals, bloody sacrifices and savage fighting. This program reveals that there was a rich sophisticated element to Celtic culture.
736 ::: BASAER journey (2016) ::: documentary ::: BASAER JOURNEY is a future documentary film , that will take the viewers in a journey with Majed and his blind team , a journey of hope, love and team work to establish the first Arabic robot and electronics team for blind students , where they started in "the dark ""as Majed describes it, until they reached the universal achievement to be the first blind team to participated in INTEL Inter national science and engineering fair in the united state of America
737 ::: Living Proof: HIV and the Pursuit of Happiness (1994) ::: documentary ::: Documentary about living with AIDS. This "positive" film deals with how people are living with the virus. The film makers interviewed over 30 people from different backgrounds and different walks of life who were already participating in photographer Carolyn Jones' photographic and interview series about the subject. The film makers then attended the opening of Jones' photo exhibit at the World Trade Center. Included among the interviewees were people outside the New York City area including an HIV-positive policeman from Chicago and an an HIV-positive Eagle Scout from Washington, DC.
738 ::: Prairie Fever (2008) ::: western ::: Drunken ex-sheriff Preston Biggs gets a ticket out of the jail-house and a fistful of cash to escort three half-crazed rejected mail-order brides to the nearest train back east. Along the way he teams up with a spunky, crooked lady gambler who wants to go straight and is running from her villainous husband Lance Henrickson.
739 ::: "Picture! Picture!" (2013) ::: game-show ::: The one-hour game show will be hosted by come-backing Kapuso, ace TV host and celebrity das Ryan Agoncillo. Ryan has certainly proved his caliber in hosting various programs over the years; and as he tries his hand at being the game master of Picture! Picture, he will surely amuse, charm and conquer the hearts of Filipino families every Saturday evening. Picture! Picture! will show viewers how photos can be emotionally engaging, eliciting wide range of emotions. The experience is made more fun as four contestants play as a team and take their chance to win as much as half a million pesos by correctly answering 10 picture-aided questions with only 30 seconds to come up with an answer. After a set of three questions, the team must eliminate one members. The first person to buzz in and give the correct answer will have the power to kick out a player. In answering a kick out question, the player's first answer will be considered his/her last answer. Making Picture! Picture! extra thrilling is the "Back Ups" option which will help the team survive the game. First is Twin Picks where the team is allowed to choose two answers from the three choices. They can use this only once anytime during the game except in the last question. The Save Pic, on the other hand, is the team's extra life. If they give the wrong answer, they will be automatically saved and will be allowed to continue playing. The game is over when the remaining players either make a mistake or reach the final question. For the jackpot question, the player must give his/her answers to the five pictures shown within the 60 seconds time limit. If the game ends and there's still time, a new team will play. Picture! Picture!'s interactive and unique elements that are culturally relevant across all ages and gender make it more fun, relatable and educational for viewers to watch.
740 ::: Revolución: Five Visions (2007) ::: documentary ::: REVOLUCION: Visions of Cuba since the Revolution is an hour-long work-in-progress documentary. Through a vast collection of revolutionary images and the stories behind them, we discover the legacy of a people, a country, and a revolution. It retraces the footsteps, the camera angles, the blessings, the terrors, and the yearnings of a country, as experienced by three distinct generations of photographers. We meet four men whose work is a mosaic of fragmented moments spanning 42 years. Reviewed collectively, their work offers a picture of a whole Cuba under the volcanic force of Fidel Castro.
741 ::: The Clinging Vine (1926) ::: comedy ::: Mannish ultra-efficient A.B. is the real force behind the Bancroft paint business. But on a weekend house-party when she overhears the boss's grandson (Jimmy)'s unflattering opinion of her (unseen) lack of charms, she's hurt. Jimmy's grandmother takes her under her wing, makes her over, and teaches her to flutter her eyelashes and only say the two phrases to win a man: "Do go on!" and "Aren't you wonderful?". And Jimmy falls hard, not knowing his darling girl is the dreaded A.B. But can A.B. maintain her girlish guise while setting Jimmy on the right track to financial security and a proposal?
742 ::: Les pépites (2016) ::: documentary ::: Two worlds colliding for the best. The children of Phnom Penh scavenging the dump-site to survive and a recently retired couple discovering Cambodia. This is the extraordinary human story of Christian and Marie France and how they changed the lives of more than 10,000 kids over 20 years. For a Child Smile is born.
743 ::: A Vow from the Ruins (2017) ::: documentary ::: A Vow from the Ruins: The Life of Setsuko Thurlow is about Setsuko Nakamura Thurlow, an 84 year-old survivor of the atomic bomb in Hiroshima. She has spent her adult life testifying about her experience when the bomb was dropped, and the suffering she witnessed to advocate for nuclear disarmament. But she's more than just a survivor: she's been a dedicated wife, mother, social worker, leader, and friend - a woman who has done it all, and will not stop moving forward.
744 ::: Mi mejor amigo (2018) ::: drama ::: Lorenzo is a quiet teenager who lives with his parents and his younger brother in small city in the Argentinean Patagonia. One day, a family friend's son named Caíto moves south and settles in at Lorenzo's home. His family is going through difficult times and can't give much care to him. Caíto is very shy and hardly speaks. Lorenzo is supposed to help him feel at home. They become friends. They spend great amounts of time together. Although Lorenzo doesn't like sports, he puts up with Caíto's fascination for mountain biking. They share deep conversations too. They can be very different but they come to understand each other. It won't be long until everybody at home realizes Caíto is a difficult case. After a couple of days, Lorenzo's parents feel they've had enough. But then, Caíto makes a big confession to Lorenzo. He tells him the true reason why he was forced to leave his house. After that, Lorenzo takes charge of him so that his parents let him stay. He now has a secret to hold, a responsibility to take and a troublesome partner that will take him through new life experiences.
745 ::: La reconstrucción (2013) ::: drama ::: Eduardo ('Diego Peretti' (qv)) is an obsessive and efficient oil plant worker who finds his solitary routine is altered when summoned to travel to Ushuaia for a few days. The trip and reunion with an old friend and his family will test him and sets some things in motion that will allow him to rebuild past, present and maybe future. Eduardo is an obsessive, efficient worker in the oil industry, disconnected from any type of emotion. He seems to have enclosed his history in one of the rooms of the house in which he lives in Rio Grande. His lonely routine is altered when he is called to go to Ushuaia for a few days. The journey and meeting up with an old friend and his family tests him and opens a door that allows him to rebuild his past, his present and, perhaps, his future.
746 ::: So Young So Bad (1950) ::: drama ::: Idealistic and naive Dr. Jason arrives at a school for delinquent girls and immediately begins to try to make a difference in the lives of some of the inmates. Oblivious to the sadistic treatment of the girls by the matrons, it takes a rebellious girl named Loretta to open his eyes. Assisted by a female staff member, Jason finally gets proof of the abuse and threatens the head of the school with exposure unless he is given full reign to run things.
747 ::: Thundergod (1928) ::: drama ::: City dweller Roland Hale takes a job at a lumber camp in the mountains, trying to forget the woman he loved who left him for another man. The camp is located on Thundergod Mountain, and is managed by a woman, Enid Bryant. What neither Enid nor Roland know is that the camp's superintendent doesn't want Enid to get her logs down the river in time for reasons of his own, and will stop at nothing to prevent it--even murder.
748 ::: Cowboy Drifter (2017) ::: drama ::: Caskie Jones last saw his father thirty years ago, yet he's still very much a chip off the brawling, boozing block. When his wife finally tosses him out, Caskie goes looking for the old man. The road leads to a dusty New Mexico town and more than he bargained for in the form of Tanner Wild, a tart-tongued teenager and prodigal singer/songwriter who unwittingly forces Caskie to confront his past in this antihero tale powered by a killer Americana soundtrack.
749 ::: Too Many Women (1942) ::: comedy ::: Richard Sutton and Linda Pearson are secretly engaged but unable to marry because of financial problems. Crooked promoter Gibbons offers Richard a deal but, in order to get rid of him, Richard says a rich uncle in Brazil has died and left him a fortune. The news soon spreads all over town and perks up his wealthy-and-ailing grandmother and her doctor warns Richard against telling her the truth. Granny Sutton tricks him into an engagement with a beautiful young nitwit, Gwenny Miller, of whom she is very fond. Barbara Cartwright, daughter of the town's richest man, suggests she has an idea to get him out of his difficulty and Richard, suffering from an overdose of sleeping pills, visits her. He is too sleepy to realize that her plans calls for marrying her instead, and when her father catches them in an embrace, Richard finds himself engaged to a third woman. Linda walks out and Richard goes on a drinking spree and wakes up in the apartment of playboy Chester Wannamaker, who had lent him his keys before leaving town. Chester's chorus girl fiancée, Lorraine O'Reilly, arrives and proceeds to make herself at home. Gwenny and Barbara also show up as does Lorraine's gangster brother Spike O'Reilly who insists, at the point of a gun, that Richard "do right" by his sister. And then it gets confusing.
750 ::: "Chris & Co" (2001) ::: comedy ::: As the title suggests, this Flemish comedy format is just a vehicle for comedian Chris Van den Durpel to star in successive, unrelated sketches, as a whole series of recurring stock-characters, almost unrecognizable under heavy make up and distortions of voice and manner, such as Kamiel Spiessens (a boorish commoner), Paul Schampers (parody on journalist and presenter Paul Jambers), Belgian royal Prince Laurent, Flemish 'art pope' Jan Hoet, notoriously gross and sarcastic Flemish novelist Herman Brusselmans, boxer Firmin Crets, ostentatious queer Ronny King and gay Boys band-airhead Kevin.
751 ::: Giantland (2017) ::: drama ::: It's the last heat of summer. Ten years old Ryan spends his time fighting aliens and befriending wild animals on the Giantlands, a forgotten industrial wasteland behind his estate. He dreams of the dad he never knew returning. So when he discovers a bearded man, injured and hiding in one of the shipping containers stored there, it's a dream come true. Or is it?
752 ::: Video Stop (2012) ::: comedy ::: Video Stop is a coming-of-age comedy about the life of R.J. MacReady, a young man working a dead-end job at a local video store. Colorful co-workers and customers revolve through Video Stop as R.J. searches for himself and his true vocation. R.J. begins to find the answers by reconnecting with an college old friend, Maria West.
753 ::: "Good Girls Revolt" (2015) ::: drama ::: Life for young and vibrant Patti Robinson couldn't be better. As a researcher at News of the Week magazine in 1969 New York, she enjoys exciting, intellectual challenges and the occasional quickie with her reporter boyfriend at work. But while navigating the social upheaval of the times, she encounters bold new ideas and actions that propel her into new territory that even she never dreamt of.
754 ::: The Rage of Paris (1938) ::: comedy ::: Nicole has no job and is several weeks behind with her rent. Her solution to her problem is to try and snare a rich husband. Enlisting the help of her friend Gloria and the maitre'd at a ritzy New York City hotel, the trio plot to have Gloria catch the eye of Bill Duncan, a handsome millionaire staying at the hotel. The plan works and the two quickly become engaged. Nicole's plan may be thwarted by Bill's friend, Jim Trevor, who's met Nicole before and sees through her plot.
755 ::: Freedom Fighters (2003) ::: action ::: During the end of World War 2, the soviets dropped an atomic bomb on Berlin. Strengthening the forming iron curtain that soon encompasses the world. Starting small, the Soviets send military advisor's to Europe and many third world nations. Soon invading South America. Throughout the 60 years following the end of the second world war, the soviets grew stronger as the US sat and watched at its allies and neighbors are slowly taken. Next on their agenda, America, home of the brave and free. A place they thought could be taken easy. You are Christoper Stone, an average American that happened to be at the wrong place at the wrong time. Its up to you and your rag tag group of resistance fighters to defend and take back the city of New York. Are you up for the challenge of defending freedom?
756 ::: Widow's Kiss (1996) ::: thriller ::: A lawyer befriends a client and before he knows it he's married to her. Both are recently widowed with teenage sons. When the lawyer dies of a heart attack within a matter of days his son becomes suspicious.
757 ::: Bîranîna hespa res (2015) ::: drama ::: A group of young people are trying to teach Kurdish in Turkish Kurdistan, a land where the teaching of the language is forbidden by Turkish authorities. Part of their work is to print clandestine schoolbooks in underground schools and distribute them. One of the girls in the group, Aseke, is killed on a mission and her friends decide to carry out the final request she made in her will. She had been brought up with a black horse, now in the remote Anatolian mountains, and her request is to bring the horse back so that they might meet one last time before she is buried. The arrival of the horse leads to some unexpected events.
758 ::: "Ha-Hamama" (2012) ::: drama ::: Almost a year after the tragic death of their genius mother, Ela-Lee and Alfie are given the opportunity to join the prestigious school thier mother had attended. "The Greenhouse" as it is called, is a school for the young and exeptionally talented, a school of leaders. Once they join the school, it appears there is much more to thier mother's death than anyone could have expected.
759 ::: Game Over (2017/IV) ::: thriller ::: Game Over is a story of a Con Girl - Bold and Beautiful, Smart and Intelligent; but that's not enough to play the Game of Life - Game of Gamble - Sometimes, Game's Master Planner becomes Victim of the Game. She played the game - But now the game is playing with her. Her every step in the game leads her to a mystery where every question turns into the puzzle; her every efforts to get rid of the game opens the door of next game. On every step to finish, the game takes her to the next level. To do the GAME OVER is a challenge and who will do it is a puzzle.
760 ::: Playing with Fire (1986) ::: drama ::: Julia's life gets changed after her boyfriend killed. She loses her will to live, until she meets a new friend, "Krip", who professes his love for her. She becomes more and more addicted to "Krip" and he persuades her to do different "missions" for him, without really knowing what it's all about. Until one day - This is the story of Julia, who looks for love, only to get dragged into the world of drugs and sex addiction.
761 ::: Six-Gun Gold (1941) ::: western ::: Don, Smokey and Whopper are are their way to Placer City where Don's brother Brad is U.S. Marshal. But when Don gets there, he finds that Marshal Brad is not his brother, but an impostor. When the deputy accuses them of being horse thieves, they flee town. When they go out to find Jenny, who they saved the day before, they are shot at and accused as gold thieves. But Jenny sets the miners straight and the boys, along with Mr. Robinson of the stage line, agree to work together to stop the gold thefts and find the real Marshal Brad. Riding into Placer City to visit his brother, United States Marshal Brad Cardigan (Lane Chandler), Don Cardigan and his two pals, Smokey (Ray Whitley) and Whopper (Lee "Lasses" White), rescue spinster Jenny Blanchard (Fern Emmett) from a runaway stage coach driven by Jeff (Emmett Lynn). She is on her way to visit her brother, Ben Blanchard (Eddy Waller as Eddy C. Waller), and his daughter Penny (Jan Clayton), and invites them to come and visit her. In town, Dan is alarmed and dismayed to find that the Marshal is an imposter and not his brother. Dan asks a few question, without revealing his identity, and he and his pals ride for the Blanchard mine,a few miles away. Dan learns from Blanchard that the Marshal is unable to protect the gold shipments that leave town enroute to the nearest bank. They decide to reroute a large gold shipment, scheduled to leave town the next day, in an effort to find Dan's missing brother. Vander (Harry Harvey), a clerk in the stage office and a spy for Reynolds (LeRoy Mason), the bogus Marshal, learns of Dan's true identity and also of the plans to ship the gold by horseback over a secret trail. He tips off Reynolds and then, with a plan of his own, substitutes bags filled with sand for the gold meant for the horses. He then boards the stage with the real gold intending to double-cross Reynolds. At the first night's camp, Dan and his pals learn the bags are filled with sand and realize that Vander is making his getaway. When Reynolds' gunmen show up, they surrender the horse and gold/sand bags, and escape on the outlaws' horses. They overtake the stage, recover the gold and force Vander to reveal where Brad is being held. In a gunfight at the hideout, the miners, led by Dan and his friends, rescue Brad and wipe out the bogus Marshal and his gang.
762 ::: Dogs Lie (2011) ::: thriller ::: Eight patients and two staff (Samrat Chakrabarti and Frank Boyd) meet at a luxurious NY sleep clinic for a night of observation and monitoring. Their lives become dangerously entwined as secrets are revealed.Lucia (Ewa Da Cruz) becomes the center of attention as her life seemingly spins out of control. Love, black mail and murder ensue. Humor and irreverence give way to devious self interest.
763 ::: Posledniy uik-end (2005) ::: thriller ::: A fun-loving teen is forced to grow up fast when he almost gets killed and ends up as the get-away driver in a Cadillac carrying a gangster's dead brother in the trunk. As bodies pile up around him in a high-speed chase, the teen must decide to kill or face a fear worse than death.
764 ::: Varian & Putzi: A 20th Century Tale (2011) ::: documentary ::: <i>Varian and Putzi: A 20th Century Tale</i> is a compelling exploration of some of the twists and turns of twentieth century history. This tale of circumstance and choice charts two men's personal journeys and examines their very different responses to epic events. Ultimately, <i>Varian and Putzi</i> is a film about how the actions of a single individual can affect the course of history.
765 ::: Playtime (1967) ::: comedy ::: Monsieur Hulot has to contact an American official in Paris, but he gets lost in the maze of modern architecture which is filled with the latest technical gadgets. Caught in the tourist invasion, Hulot roams around Paris with a group of American tourists, causing chaos in his usual manner. In yet another outing by the bumbling Monsieur Hulot, we find him lost in an ultra-modern Paris as he tries to locate someone. As always seems to be the case, chaos erupts wherever Hulot is to be found. Meanwhile, a group of American tourists frequently crosses his path and staff struggle to have a new restaurant ready for its opening night. Sight gags galore.
766 ::: Emerson: Pictures of an Exhibitionist (????) ::: biography ::: Keyboard legend Keith Emerson emerged from the thriving rock scene of the sixties and seventies,Fusing rock 'n' roll with classical, jazz, and world music to lay the foundations of progressive rock,setting the standard by which others are judged. With Greg Lake and Carl Palmer, he formed the hugely successful Emerson, Lake and Palmer, who, between 1970 and 1977, released six platinum albums. This is his official documentary of his extended autobiography with interviews featuring many of the characters from his published autobiography and more as he does what he loves most living his life through his music. Now in this insightful and irreverent memoir,from his classmates to his music teacher to fellow band members and roadies we hear about the uproarious tales of life on the road, tales of the high lifestyle that goes with being a rock star, and of course, tales of the outrageous, barrier-shattering music he is still producing.This is the show that never ends as he re-kindles the past and adds to the future with his creative and groundbreaking music including the 40th ELP Re-union in London UK July 2010.
767 ::: Il Professore (2012) ::: drama ::: Roberta is a student of art history. After being rejected once again by the professor, she decides to seduce him and lure him into a trap at his home. The story of an extreme night between Lucia and Giulio will lead us to know the weaknesses of both through erotic stories and at the same time sad. After failing for the third time an exam, Roberta plans to get round it by seducing the grim professor Giannelli. She manages to sneak into his apartment the night before the fourth trial to pass the exam. The skirmish between Roberta and professor Giannelli goes on all the night long. Roberta seems next to offer herself to Giannelli's lust, to retreat soon afterwards. In his turn, Giannelli repeatedly threatens to go away, annoyed by Roberta's contradictory behavior, but is soon persuaded to stay by her blandishments and titillations. Each one wants something from the other and knows what the other wants from him/her, but it all remains unspoken. In the end Roberta leaves, double sure to have won the game, but a nasty surprise quenches her presumption when she fails the exam for the fourth time. Yet, is she actually the final loser of this no holds barred match?
768 ::: Video Murders (1988) ::: thriller ::: David Lee Shepherd, who desperately wants work in the video business, is luring hookers into his hotel room so that he can videotape himself strangling them. The police conclude that a serial killer is at work and thus begins an intense manhunt.
769 ::: An Unknown Encounter: A True Account of the San Pedro Haunting (1997) ::: documentary ::: In 1989, researchers investigated a woman's claims that her small bungalow was haunted by two ghosts: the apparition of a corpse-like old man and a disembodied head that manifested in her attic. Before long, the researchers round themselves under attack by unknown forces culminating in the attempted hanging of photographer Jeff Wheatcraft.
770 ::: (k)now (t)here (2011) ::: short ::: '(k)now (t)here' is a film diary about series of journeys of summer 2009 that was simply to be 'on the road'. No certain destinations, moving with one-way-tickets, being surrounded by strangers... Continuous packing and unpacking, almost daily check in and out even in the same town to taste different flavors of it... Throbs of excitement and anxiety and unusually wide-open perception in consequence of putting myself in every possible mysterious moment... Myself became emerged by being anonymous like subtle sound got amplified in complete silence or dim light grew conspicuous in total darkness.
771 ::: Plástico (2015) ::: drama ::: Since their childhood, Ana and Leo were marked by a sudden event: their father s suicide using a plastic bag. From that moment they were separated and were forced to live as best as they could, in isolation, taking themselves to their limits.
772 ::: The Mothers' House (2005) ::: documentary ::: Described as astonishingly intimate, emotionally overwhelming and sometimes shocking, THE MOTHERS' HOUSE is a record of four years in the life of Miche, a charming, precocious yet troubled teenage girl growing into womanhood in post-Apartheid South Africa. Living with her mother and grandmother in Bonteheuwel, a "coloured" township outside Cape Town, she has to face not only life in a community troubled by gangsterism and drug abuse, but also what it means to break the unbearable cycle of emotional and physical violence imprisoning her own family. Miche's mother Valencia is an ex-Struggle activist, now an unemployed single mother, HIV positive and about to give birth to a third child. Deeply affected by the world she has grown up in and dominated by unresolved conflict with her own mother Amy, she increasingly shifts responsibility for her own problems onto Miche. Just entering high school, Miche is in many ways an ordinary innocent girl: she has her ears pierced for the first time, hosts her first dancing party, and finds her first boyfriend. Yet her home situation forces her to be strong beyond her years: she has to bear the responsibility not only for her mother's anger and general health, but also for the emotional well-being of her younger siblings. Torn between leaving home to escape abuse and protecting those she loves, she takes a wrong turn - before finally learning to make sense of her mother, grandmother and of the world she lives in... THE MOTHERS' HOUSE gives the viewer a powerful insight into three generations of women striving to untie the knots that bind and to find peace and love amongst all the hurt and anger within their community and themselves.
773 ::: El bruto (1953) ::: drama ::: In the 50's, in a poor community in Mexico, the landlord Andrés Cabrera wants to evict his tenants to demolish the buildings and sell the land by a large amount. However, the leader of the community Carmelo González resists to his attempts. Andrés hires the strong slaughterhouse worker Pedro El Bruto to intimidate the dwellers, and his wife Pamola sexually harasses Pedro. Pedro goes to the community in the night and he hits the weak Carmelo that has a bleed and dies. When Pedro meets Carmelo's daughter Meche, he falls in love with her and she moves to his house. But the jealous Paloma does not want to give up on Pedro. The Brute is a slaughterhouse worker who more than makes up in muscle what he lacks in brain power. He's hired by a landlord to intimidate his unwanted tenants, but ends up seducing the daughter of one of them, much to the annoyance of the landlord's wife, with whom he's also having an affair... An evil old man, Andrés, is the owner of an old building, where very poor people live. Mr. Andrés wants to demolish the building, and gives the people a few hours to evacuate it. But they will confront the old man, saying that they won't leave their homes. Andrés will look for help and he finds it in Pedro, a tough, strong and rude man, but not quite clever, who will be hired by Andrés in order to bullying the people in the building and make them leave. Meanwhile, Pedro will work in a butcher's shop, where also works Paloma, Andres's wife, an attractive woman who starts to feel attracted to Pedro. One night, Pedro is making a tour by the building, threatening people, and he will fight with a man who dares to face up with him. But the man is killed accidentally by Pedro, who escapes from the place and hides with Paloma, now his lover. Meche, the murdered man's daughter, is a charming and pretty girl, who will help Pedro to scape from the angry neighbors. Pedro falls in love with Meche, and he offers his home to her. Meche starts to have feelings about the naive but "brutal" man, without knowing that he's the murderer of her father.
774 ::: Love (2016/III) ::: short ::: Love is a short film shot on super 8. No editing, no post production. These are the rules from Straight 8. For 3.20 minutes we are in the aura of a Ballerina. We see her close up, practising in the studio. We see her discipline, dedication, pain and love for her art. A film of intrigue and LOVE. A film which explores an art form that you as a performer do not choose to do, it chooses you. A rare snapshot behind the scenes into a world which to the public totally is forward facing.
775 ::: Am Yisrael Hai (1981) ::: comedy ::: A minor politician, suffering with a temporary sexual disorder that is soon to be written about in the local press, is sent anonymously to Eilat for rest and pleasantries. His wife, believing he was on a trip abroad also goes to Eilat on the advice of her friend.
776 ::: "Worst Year of My Life, Again!" (2014) ::: comedy ::: What if you woke up one morning to discover you had to relive the most excruciating 12 months of high school all over again? Alex King has had a horrible year - humiliated by his teachers, targeted by bullies and embarrassed by attempts to impress the most popular girl in school. So when he wakes up on his birthday to discover that somehow time has reset itself, he can't believe he must relive every miserable moment of the past 12 months once more. Until his friends Simon Birch and Maddy Kent convince him he's being offered a second chance and maybe this time round, he can get it right.
777 ::: Deuteronomy 24:16 (2016) ::: short ::: Told without dialogue and against the back drop of under-ground mixed martial arts, DEUTERONOMY 24:16 portrays four separate POV's: A female fighter with too much heart, a male fighter with not enough, the female's fighter's girlfriend who faces an incomprehensible decision and the male fighter's father who has to face what his son has become.
778 ::: Bloody Psycho (2017) ::: thriller ::: After the death of his wife, psycho husband turns to a killer machine, since the husband is madly in love with his wife, he keeps her dead body till it turns to a skeleton. Meanwhile a group of young boys and girls come to the jungle for photo shoot which happens to be the last shoot of their lives.
779 ::: Jylama (2003) ::: drama ::: the story of a Chinese-trained opera singer living in a remote Kazakh village with her grandmother and her ailing young niece. The bulk of the action consists of the steadfast heroine trying to make enough money to get the rare and costly medicine that may save her niece's life. What makes the film so thrilling is that this elemental situation allows the director and his cast of non-actors to illuminate the details of everyday life: reality and fiction dissolve into each other, and the audience achieves a heightened awareness of simple activities like the cooking of a meal, teaching a child to count in Chinese and English, visits to the doctor or the marketplace. Entirely improvised by the filmmaker and his actors.
780 ::: "The Dumplings" (1976) ::: comedy ::: Joe and Angela Dumpling were a sweet, loving, honest and friendly married couple who owned a deli on the ground floor of a New York City office building. They were also overweight, and much of the show's humor evolved from that fact, as well as their interaction with their customers, friends and family.
781 ::: NWA/AWS: Bart's Birthday Bash 08 (2008) ::: sport ::: A Four-Corners Steel Cage Gauntlet Tag Team Match. Champions the Cutler Brothers take on the Young Bucks, the Ballard Brothers and the team of Scorpio Sky and Lil' Cholo. Plus the NWA Heritage Title is on the line as Champion TJ Perkins defends against Joey Ryan! All this plus much more!
782 ::: Call to Arms: The Deadly Game (2011) ::: action ::: Capt David Ferguson and his men are recruited to undertake a mission to rescue an engineer being held captive in Chechnya. This is only the beginning of what is about to turn into the deadly game. We will follow the group into the bigger theater that then leads to a massive plot to overthrow the plans of mass globalization and to unite with the free few to secure the sovereignty of the various nations effected by the plot.
783 ::: Flask Walk (2016) ::: documentary ::: The main focus of attention and activity in this narrow alleyway off the main street of North London's Hampstead, is a unique double fronted shop selling a mix of books and antique curiosity items. This film takes us through a day in Flask Walk from dawn to dusk featuring both sellers and buyers in hectic action.
784 ::: Transformation of Gerald Baumgartner (2009) ::: comedy ::: A Change Management consultant with a spit-shined life resolves to orchestrate a life transformation, which involves - among other things - engineering a seamless separation with his wife - using principles of change management. The results are disastrous, and hilarious. He does undergo a life transformation, but nothing like he had planned.
785 ::: The Bottom Billion (2013) ::: documentary ::: The Bottom Billion is one hour documentary highlighting the economic crash in 2008, featuring provocative interviews with key experts yielding a creative perspective on the contributing causes. At the fifth anniversary of the Market crash of 2008 and the onset of the great "Recession" This story the Bottom Billion is timely review leading to the questions " Can another crash happen? & When?" The Bottom Billion charts focuses of seeing the feature from the prospective of those most in need.
786 ::: Mona, tesoro del Caribe (2017) ::: documentary ::: Mona island was a ceremonial center for Taino Indians who left pictograms and finger painting on the cave walls. With the Spanish arrival and later with pirate ships, Mona became a food and water supplier. Later between the 19th and 20th century, more than 600 men extracted guano, a fertilizer, from the caves. Presently it is a natural reserve managed by the Natural Resource and Environment Department and a place where on-going research projects are the preservation of the hawksbill turtle and the big iguanas as well as climate change and geology. Also archeologists from Britain are collaborating with local researchers interpreting Taino culture and pictographs; Speleologists from different parts of the world, together with a couple of Puerto Rican specialists, have mapped already more than 200 caves and continue to visit the island annually.
787 ::: Mindbenders (2004) ::: sci-fi ::: Innovative surrealistic sci-fi thriller about three wayward young women with extraordinary powers being hunted by mysterious agents from a secret institute as they try to make sense out of their lives in a crazy world they don't understand. Great fight scenes and a surprise ending you have to see to believe.
788 ::: Kara Murat: Devler Savasiyor (1978) ::: adventure ::: Fatih Sultan Mehmet finds out about the turmoil in Mora. The Greek Kani Pasa blames the vizier but Kara Murat tells the Sultan That Kani Pasa wants to take the vizier's position. Fatih Sultan Mehmet gets furious and issues an edict to kill Kara Murat. Murat goes to Mora, to protect the governor Tugrul Bey. However, The Greek Pasa's brother Davut kills Tugrul Bey. Murat takes his revenge. He mixes amongst the people of Mora and helps them. Murat meets Zeynep, daughter of the ex-governor and they fall in love. Letters showing the slander of the Greek brothers are found. When Davut imprisons Zeynep, Murat fights for her and saves her. Murat takes the letters to Fatih. Fatih understands that Kara Mrat was right from the beginning.
789 ::: Friggin' Aliens (????) ::: comedy ::: Todd sets out to make a documentary about his band, but when his roommate, Alan, accidentally brings home the wrong briefcase the documentary becomes about something far more serious and other worldly. Todd and Alan, joined by their neighbor, Agnus, must save the world from an alien invasion.
790 ::: Iskanderija... lih? (1979) ::: drama ::: "Yahia", a young man living in the cosmopolitan Alexandria during World War II. Between his dreams, which up to Hollywood and constraints of his life in the middle class trying to be a new Hamlet to be or not to be . Uprising dreams wondering where all new meaning to life amid the horrors of war and life pain . "Yahia", a young man living in the cosmopolitan Alexandria during World War II. Between his dreams, which up to Hollywood, and constraints of his life in the middle class, trying to be a new Hamlet with his uprising dreams wondering where all new meaning to life amid the horrors of war and life pain.
791 ::: Caught Bluffing (1922) ::: drama ::: John Oxford owns a gambling hall in an Alaskan mining town, but it known far and wide as an honest man. However, one day he finds that in order to save the life of Doris Henry, who has come to Alaska to marry Wallace Towers, he has to cheat. It turns out that Wallace has incurred huge gambling losses and is being threatened by those to whom he owes the money, and they in turn are threatening Doris--who mistakenly blames John for the predicament that she and Wallace are in.
792 ::: Big Favors (1985) ::: adult ::: An empty house, which is for sale becomes the opening scene of one of the worst miss-matched sex scenes in history, mainly, because of Vince Thomas, who was up all night, before this movie was shot, doing drugs at a pool party orgy, he looked completely out of touch with his surrounding reality, and trying to match him up with blonde bottom Shadow Joyce was a big mistake, this movie is terrible.
793 ::: O simdi asker (2003) ::: comedy ::: Turkey's northwest has suffered a devastating earthquake on August 17th, 1999. The government is in need of lots of money to compensate the cost of recovering from this catastrophe. So they decide to pass a new, temporary law, which suggests that every man of Turkish citizenship over a certain age can now pay some certain amount of money to the government of Turkey, and in return for that, complete his military service in 28 days instead of the regular 18 months. Many people want to take advantage of that, including famous singers and businessmen, and they're all sent to the same army base to carry out their 28-day-long military service. One of them is a young man who has lost his home and his entire family in the earthquake, thus being allowed to join the 28-day crew without paying anything. Obviously, he's much different from anyone else around him, by all means. But he's not the only different one. There are many interesting and almost strange people there, one of whom cannot even speak or understand Turkish. All these young men, most of whom are rich or famous, live the utmost experience of their lives at the army base, involving mostly funny yet sentimental moments. They have all gone there to return home by the end of the month, but things take a different turn at some point. Maybe they should have taken their army duty more seriously after all...
794 ::: Iskyss (2008) ::: drama ::: This is a love story. A young Norwegian girl falls in love with a Russian POW during WWII. She helps him survive, but later on, after the WWII ends, the lovers are separated, as citizens of mutually unfriendly states. They have to pay a high price for their love.
795 ::: "Outdoor Wild Kids Adventures" (2017) ::: family ::: The year is 2017, and things are changing fast on the planet Earth. The Outdoor Wild Kids and their Host Mr. Ed. will be exploring these changes as they learn about the planet they live on and those who inhabit it.... past, present and possible futures.
796 ::: Potop v piramido (2011) ::: documentary ::: Two experienced divers searched Ravne tunnels at the foot of the hill Visocica, trying to find the answer can these structures be man-made. The quest began in the beginning of the year 2011 when they found tunnels filled with water close to the highest and oldest of all the pyramids in the world, Pyramid of the Sun in Visoko. Can they lead to the heart of the pyramid structure? Marko and Bojan decided to find out the truth.
797 ::: Crisis in Mid-air (1979) ::: drama ::: The life of a stressed out air controller falls apart as he battles a court case involving a mid-air collision which is causing the unhappiness of his wife.
798 ::: Fault Line (2009/I) ::: drama ::: "Fault Line" is the story of a group of actors and artists living in Los Angeles who are struggling to find their humanity within the whirlwind of show business, parties, drugs, depression, money, lack of money, love, greed, ambition, addiction, art and technology.
799 ::: Samurai Johnny Frankenstein Black and White (2014) ::: action ::: This is the Black & White version of the Scott Shaw Zen Film, Cult Film Classic, Samurai Johnny Frankenstein Samurai Johnny Frankenstein is a Martial Art based Action Adventure that draws its influences from the Film Noir of the 1940s. This film finds Hollywood Private Investigator, Sam Rockmore (Scott Shaw) joing forces with Cyteck 342 AKA Hal (Kenneth H. Kim) who is a half man, half cyborg on a mission to rid Los Angeles of crime.
800 ::: Libera (1993) ::: comedy ::: Three different episodes placed in the Napoli of 1993. Aurora is abandoned by her husband and moves to a new flat in another zone of the city. She meets her former boyfriend and starts again a relationship. But he takes profit of her absence from the flat to steal almost everything. A young, just set free from jail, discovers that his mother is actually a transsexual! Last episode is about Libera that works hardly at her kiosk. Soon she discovers her husband is unfaithful and she places a video camera to get evidences of this. But instead than leave him, she takes benefit from the whole situation.
801 ::: "Inspiration with Lance Heft" (2011) ::: documentary ::: A 30-minute studio and on-location series featuring business leaders, artists, and entertainers sharing their personal stories through in-depth interviews. These candid conversations provide guests with the opportunity to reveal what truly inspires their success, prosperity, and contentment in life.
802 ::: Stalked Roommates (2003) ::: adult ::: Two roommates notice a man stalking them. They call the police, but before the cops can arrive, a hulking thug breaks into their house and binds and gags them. When a pretty police officer arrives to rescue them, she soon joins the unhappy pair in bondage. In the second tale, a lovely young lady is abducted, forced to strip and tightly bound and gagged by her captor.
803 ::: Arctic Window (1985) ::: documentary ::: Filmed in the heart of Chicago, across the uninhabited Icelandic interior, and on the sea cliffs of volcanic Heimaey Island, the program provides a window to two lands and its people; one urban and American, the other, wild, wondrous, and inhabited by modern-day descendants of ancient Vikings, and to a delightful little bird that most of us would never get a chance to see. The film begins by tracking the expedition of the project's lead zoologist across the entire length of Iceland, taking in an amazing landscape of waterfalls, glaciers, hot springs and geysers and spending a day with a rural Icelandic family living on the country's north coast, only a few miles from the Arctic Circle. He then travels by ship to the only inhabited island in the Vestmannaeyjar archipelago, located off of Iceland's south coast. Here, the zoologist is joined by a handful of colleagues, who set to work on the steep coastal bluffs to humanely capture and crate for air transport to the U.S. several dozen newly-born, downy puffins. The film then shifts to Chicago, where the birds are held in quarantine at a remote site while the final touches are being put on the new building and seabird habitat they will live in. Here we join the building's architect and engineer as they guide us through the unique design, construction, and layers of complex technology and machinery required to create in terrain, temperature, and lighting of an exacting replica of Iceland ideal for the North Atlantic puffin, but located in the heart of Chicago's cityscape. Finally, the film records the puffins' arrival, veterinary examinations, and climatic entry into their new home that, for nearly 4 million zoo visitors per year -- and on a busy day, more than 200 busloads of city school children -- will provide a "window to a world" they've only heard of or read about in textbooks.
804 ::: Hemshech Mas'otav Shel Antonius Block (1998) ::: short ::: Anotonius Block from Ingmar Bergman's The Seventh Seal encounters a strange lonely homeless person, who claims to be god, holding the meaning of life in a small box.
805 ::: Cities on Speed: Cairo Garbage (2009) ::: documentary ::: Once upon a time there was a city that was neat and tidy, and which was home to only 12 million people. Today, however, Cairo has a population estimated at 20 million. Garbage is piling up in the streets and the piles are growing. Everyone in Cairo has his or her views on garbage but nobody knows what to do about it. Italian garbage disposal operators are brought in to tackle the city's waste problems and to teach the city dwellers rational garbage habits. ťCairo GarbageŤ is a portrait of the city community seen through its garbage.
806 ::: Vigil in the Night (1940) ::: drama ::: Nurse Anne Lee blames herself for a fatal mistake of her sister Lucy, who also is a nurse. Anne loses her job, and gets a new one at a poorly equipped country hospital. There she falls in love with Dr. Prescott, who is battling with Mr. Bowly, the chairman of the local hospital board, who also makes Anne's life miserable. But then a virulent epidemic begins...
807 ::: Iszony (1965) ::: drama ::: Mail to author for translation Karasz Nelli apja halala utan hozzamegy Takaro Sanyihoz, a falu legmodosabb gazdajanak fiahoz. Bar nem szereti a ferfit, a hazassagtol tamaszt remel. Az evek multaval azonban ferje kozeledeseit egyre nehezebben viseli el, s olyan tarthatatlanna valik kapcsolatuk, hogy egy izben el is hagyja kislanyaval egyutt. Az iszony vegul vegzetes helyzetbe taszitja az asszonyt.
808 ::: It's a Hi-5 Christmas (2005) ::: family ::: 'Tis the season to be jolly... Hi-5 have got Christmas all wrapped up with the ultimate gift - hours of singing, dancing and fun! Charli decorates the Hi-5 Christmas tree... Nathan wraps fun shaped Christmas presents... Kellie and Chats make Christmas goodies... Tim, with Hi-5's help, sings a special Christmas song... and Kathleen makes a sandy summer snowman. Plus as an extra special festive treat, Hi-5 sing all your favourite Christmas songs in their spectacular 'live' Christmas Eve Concert. The stockings are up, the sleighs are out, the reindeer are ready and Santa is about to break into a sweat, so lets put the heat back into Christmas and celebrate the holiday season the Hi-5 way.
809 ::: Rendered Small (2017) ::: documentary ::: Rendered Small is a short film that explores the over 1,200 American folk art buildings on display in Steve Burke and Randy Campbell's private collection, located in Hillsborough, North Carolina. These diminutive churches, movie theaters, houses, schools, factories, bowling alleys, and more were made during the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries out of materials ranging from meticulously detailed tin and wood, to cigar and Velveeta boxes. The collectors have added on to their home multiple times in order to accommodate their continuously growing body of small structures. Over the course of the film, the caretakers of this impressive assemblage discuss their fascination and share what it is like to live in their world as the viewer experiences the visual wonder of their collection.
810 ::: Untitled Postpartum Care Documentary (2018) ::: documentary ::: Sweet new babies are dying. Loving, dedicated mothers are taking their own lives. Marriages of new parents are falling apart. Smart, strong women are being beat down. Something in the culture of postpartum care is broken and we need to figure out why before more lives are affected. This independent documentary by Producer/Director Gillian Fritzsche is an irreverent but informative look at what new moms and dads need and why better postpartum care could make the whole world a better place!
811 ::: Revolt at Fort Laramie (1956) ::: western ::: It's just prior to the Civil War and Fort Laramie's problem is the Sioux Indians. When it is announced that war has been declared the fort becomes divided between northerners and southerners. The fort Commander and the southerners resign and head south. But they have to go through Sioux territory and are soon attacked. A messenger gets back to the fort to relate their hopeless condition and the new northern commanded must decide what to do.
812 ::: Prescription for Peril (1999) ::: adventure ::: Fearing he will become a government informant, the mob decides to knock off its former boss when he goes into the hospital for an operation. They plant several hit-women as nurses with orders to make his murder look like an accident. Agent N and Sabrina are charged with protecting the former mob boss and capture a bevy of nurses to ensure his safety. Soon the would-be killers escape and our heroines are in their clutches. Will truth and right prevail?
813 ::: The 19th Wife (2010) ::: drama ::: Fundamentalist sect member BeckyLyn is accused of killing her husband. Queenie, another wife in the polygamist sect, doesn't believe BeckyLyn is capable of such violence and desperate to prove her innocence reaches out to her excommunicated son Jordan for help in freeing his mother.
814 ::: Orange Love Story (2004) ::: romance ::: Jill is a single mother with a sixteen year old daughter, Bianca rebelling against their ramshackle way of life on the edge of Orange, a country town. When Jill's boyfriend Sean has a minor stroke, he recovers with a new zeal for God. Jill nurses him but can't relate to his new persona, and she falls in love with his brother Michael. Michael's guilt drives him to a remote farm where he befriends Craig, who is missing the boy he met and fell in love with... and finally Bianca decides to leave home.
815 ::: Bounty Hunter (2014) ::: action ::: Tang is an apprentice lawyer with a superhero dream who happen to witness an kidnapping.The hostage is the only son of the richest tycoon Xiong in town.Xiong Offers a five-million reward for his son which Tang meant to win it. But things seems a lot complicated than he expected.
816 ::: "Forbidden Fruits" (2015) ::: drama ::: Cheryl Cloyd Robbins, author of Deliver Us From Evil and Forgive Us Our Trespasses, has written a web series where the taste of "Forbidden Fruits" is an everyday occurrence for the characters that reside in the fictitious town of Eden City, NC. Eden City, population of 40,000, houses Eden City State University (ECSU) and a plethora of buppies. Attorney Jill Baxter is married to the town's City Manager, Arthur Baxter. Their daughter, Sage, is a sophomore at Eden City State University. Engineer Mark Edwards is married to socialite Violet Edwards and their attempts at parenting has been as successful as their marriage. They do not have any children..... Skye Scott and Mac Freeman are recently engaged, but Mac's years of commitment phobia may be a little too late and opened up some doors to Skye's past that is causing her to vacillate between the dark and darker sides. Roman Freeman, Mac's son, is a senior at ECSU. He is dating Sage Baxter, but his unsavory sexual appetite leads him to stray. Xavier Rey, owner of The French Quarters Luxury Resort, is an ECSU graduate. After graduation, he left Eden City with the woman of his dreams. She returned without him. He returned three years ago to not only build a business, but to rebuild the bridge that connects him to the woman that synchronizes his heart, mind and body. This woman happens to be photographer Skye Scott.
817 ::: Les dimanches d'un bourgeois de Paris (2015) ::: short ::: As thirty-year-old Parisian executive Patissot is suffering from stress, his doctor advises him to exercise and get some fresh air in the countryside.After unsuccessful attempts at socializing on the Berges de Seine's fitness trail he leaves Paris by train to go and discover a forest in the Yvelines. But nothing will happen as planned...
818 ::: The Bishop's School Every 15 Minutes 2011 (2011) ::: drama ::: A two day program that challenges high school students to think about the consequences of drinking and driving. Day one begins with students assembled in front of the school to witness the dramatization of a fatal alcohol related collision. Emergency personnel transport the injured to the local hospital, a passenger is declared dead by the medical examiner, and the driver - now murderer - is given a field sobriety test and arrested for driving under the influence. Witness to this tragedy are the "living dead": students who have been removed from their classes by the Grim Reaper. Notices of their "deaths" are read to the student body by a California Highway Patrol Officer. The program culminates the following day with an assembly featuring the participants and other powerful speakers.
819 ::: Bad Men's Money (1929) ::: western ::: Crooked Bluff Hardcastle is appointed by the court to take care of the business affairs of pretty young Helen Saunders' ranch, which is about to go out of business, but Hardcastle is secretly planning to swindle her out of the ranch. He is thwarted by cowboy Jim Donovan and his friend, banker George Masters, who buy Helen's ranch at auction. Angered, Hardecastle sends his hired thugs to get rid of Donovan and Masters so he can get his hands on the ranch.
820 ::: Sons 2 the Grave (2015) ::: drama ::: After midnight on a bridge not linking neighborhoods but dividing them, eighteen year old basketball phenom Marcus Jennings was taken out. Friends remain silent, giving power to a killer, binding them for life. Celebrity attracts the good the bad and the ugly, not always clearly defined, but in the end, it was what they all had in common that ended Marcus's life ... fear. Fear of staying, fear of leaving and the fear of appearing weak. It's the choices we make.
821 ::: La Esperanza (????) ::: drama ::: La Esperanza focuses on the lives of two teenage girls, Marivela and Esperanza coming of age in San Diego in the sometimes frightening, generally hysterical, and consistently difficult, neighborhood and world of Barrio Logan. Both girls dream of going away to college, but as their future unfolds during senior year, each is faced with tough circumstances and mounting responsibilities that threaten their dreams. Esperanza struggles as a teenage mom. Marivela's family faces the looming threat of gentrification displacement due to lack of affordable housing in the neighborhood she calls home. As the story progresses we see first-hand the challenges presented to many young people today as they attempt to maneuver a world not seemingly designed for their success.
822 ::: The Face at the Window (2004) ::: drama ::: A young boy called Erri has run away from his village in Yugoslavia, and ended up in Britain. He is taken to the detention, where he is questioned by Mirko (Serge Soric). He escapes, and is found by Victoria and Robert, who smuggle him to their house. They keep him in next door's attic, thinking that he is in danger. Victoria contacts the Balkan Support Group, saying it is for a school project, and is allowed to talk to Julian (Aleksandar Mikic). She hints about Erri, then leaves. When Mirko and a detective come looking for Erri to keep him safe, Erri runs off with Robert, and a girl named Lesley. They hide out in a warehouse, and the next morning, Julian arrives at Victoria's house. He lets her use his phone to call Robert, and Julian then heads off to find Erri. Victoria tells the police just in time, and they manage to reach Erri before Julian and his crowbar reach him. Erri has to give evidence against Voynic, a warlord who killed everyone in Erri's village. He is afraid to, and although she knows she will never see him again, Lesley persuades him to. The series ends with Erri walking in the police station, holding Mirko's hand.
823 ::: Five Crowns (2015) ::: fantasy ::: "Five Crowns" is the culmination of the "Destroyer Prince" trilogy started by "Destroyer Prince" and followed by "Conquering Kings". In this third story, a Storyteller cheats death because Prince Kale takes a liking to him. Escorted by bodyguards Castor and Pollux, the two make their way back to Queen Galla's banquet hall. Peril ensues as Thrasher McCorkindale attempts to snuff out the prince and take the throne.
824 ::: Mystery of the Lost Mummy (2000) ::: documentary ::: Information collected about pharaohs, mummies and ancient pyramids often prove to be more fiction than fact. Much speculation and mystery shroud this time in history, resulting in intense public curiosity and interest. The filmmakers embarked on an adventure to set the record straight about one mystery in particular. Traveling to Egypt with a leading team of Egyptology experts, host John Pruitt delved into the case of an Atlanta resident mummy thought to be the great pharaoh Ramses I. Since its discovery in 1817, the tomb of Ramses I has remained a mystery. The legendary god-king's mummy was missing, along with the priceless riches buried with him. Nearly 3000 years after his death, Ramses' well-preserved remains may resurfaced in Atlanta at Emory University's Carlos Museum.
825 ::: Boomers 2.0: A Generation Re-imagined (2013) ::: news ::: They may have screamed "ME!!!" while coming of age in the Sixties and Seventies but now the Boomers' present and future are more important than their storied past. Boomers are still relevant, still powerful and continue to have impact. Their impact will continue to grow as they enter new stages of life. Their influence is being felt again, and they are driving change.
826 ::: Kenya: Passing the Baton (2011) ::: documentary ::: Kenya: Passing the Baton by John Michalczyk (2011, 50 min.). Prior to the national election of December 2007, Kenya appeared to be a democratically stable country, with a robust economy built upon a highly admired tourism industry. However, after the re-election of President Mwai Kibaki, his rival Raila Odinga immediately challenged the results and an outburst of violence quickly spread across the country causing 1400 deaths and displacing 300,000 people. Kenya: Passing the Baton sheds light on the struggle of a people and a government to create a united, civil society currently split by disturbing tribal tensions, corruption, land distribution, and a myriad of social issues exacerbated by the severe drought in 2009. With a new Constitution, Kenya wishes to become, once again, an icon of democracy in East Africa.
827 ::: U R Pre-Approved (2007) ::: documentary ::: The United States is a debtor nation and it's citizens are in financial bondage. Why? In UR Pre-Approved you are taken on a journey through the deep pockets of the credit card companies and you'll find out why consumers carry more debt than ever. You'll find our the truth about why you are in debt, why your own government isn't looking out for you, and why "they" want you to stay in debt the rest of your life. What you Don't know WILL cost you!
828 ::: Breakdowns (????) ::: comedy ::: Breakdowns is a 1/2hr comedy that revolves around an even-keeled, fish out of water, thirty-something male casting associate, who struggles to find a balance between the rules of "playing the game" versus the ethics of "doing what's right".
829 ::: Pagbabalik sa tribo (1999) ::: documentary ::: A filmmaker of tribal origin rediscovers his cultural roots in Palawan Island after success in the MTV world. The documentary accompanies his actual and psychological journey back and his commitment to preserving the traditional community and its values. Together with the indigenous people, he protests environmental destruction and the legacy of colonization, now in the hands of big corporations and government cronies.
830 ::: Lyfe (2016) ::: short ::: Lyfe is the next innovative social platform that allows you to connect with your friends on a deeper level than ever before; you can share and experience emotions. Your memories, thoughts, and feelings are all stored in the cloud. What will the hired hacker, Nathan, discover about his client's 'person-of-interest'?
831 ::: Oh Shit! (2018) ::: drama ::: It's a story about Budhni, a poor and backward girl who, fights for living her life in her own way, right from completing her studies after marriage to having a toilet in her village to avoid open defecation. This later becomes an inspiration and turns into a national movement to make the country free of open defecation.
832 ::: The American Constitution: The Road from Runnymede (1992) ::: documentary ::: The American Constitution: The Road from Runnymede, a 1992 film narrated by Christopher Reeve, guides young viewers through 600 years of political struggle from the Magna Carta in 1215 to the Philadelphia Convention in 1787. It examines the English roots of our Constitution, highlighting the political turmoil of 17th-century England and showing how such fundamental principles as "rule of law" and "limited government" emerged. Finally, viewers see how these principles were translated into American colonial government and sparked powerful clashes between the colonists and Great Britain, leading to the first attempt at national government, the Articles of Confederation.
833 ::: Sie ist meine Mutter (2006) ::: drama ::: Based on a true story, this TV drama focuses on a complicated mother-daughter-relationship, which is strained by secrets and lies. Rena, a middle aged therapist, travels with her mother Edith to Norway, where she was born in a "Lebensborn" housing, established by the Nazis to breed humans to create a strong race of Aryans.As Lena struggles with her secret origin, the relationship to her husband and their children suffers, but Edith doesn't want to talk about the past. Back in Germany, a mysterious man also claims to be a "Lebensborn" child. Although he asks the old woman everything she knows, Edith refuses to help him...
834 ::: About Benjamin (2005) ::: biography ::: This biographical documentary reveals the brilliance of Benjamin Franklin; his genius as a powerful scientific thinker with an overview of some of his inventions. Included is a virtual architectural reconstruction of his Philadelphia house, the history of the glass harmonica he invented, how he created and printed his embossed, counterfeit-proof Franklin currency. Additionally, the film covers his Poor Richard's Almanac with personal notes, his founding of the first library in the American colonies, co-founding of the Pennsylvania Hospital, and ends at the Christ Church burial grounds. In short, this is a fascinating introduction of Benjamin Franklin as a scientist, inventor, diplomat, writer, printer, accountant, philanthropist, and entrepreneur, with insight into his humanity. The film has a copyright of 2006.
835 ::: Místa (2014) ::: drama ::: A coming of age story about love, loss and revenge centers around two teenage friends, Adam ('Vladimír Polívka' (qv)) and Marek ('Jan Cina' (qv)), whose aimless lives in a small town are suddenly disrupted by the appearance of Anna ('Johana Matousková' (qv)), the troubled daughter of a rich and influential local businessman. Initially her free spirit energizes Adam but soon he finds himself thrown into a spiraling chain of events. His innocence is about to be abruptly replaced with the adult emotions of guilt, fear and revenge.
836 ::: "The Great Zucchini" (2013) ::: comedy ::: In the vein of Eastbound And Down and Louie, Great Zucchini follows a popular, charming and self-destructive kids performer as he attempts to grow up personally and professionally despite the fact he seems completely incapable of living like a responsible adult.
837 ::: Finders Keepers (1984) ::: comedy ::: On the run from the police and a female roller derby team, scam artist Michael Rangeloff steals a coffin and boards a train, pretending to be a soldier bringing home a dead war buddy. The train ride turns into far more than Michael bargains for.
838 ::: Entretien avec Anne Claire Poirier (2005) ::: biography ::: Long métrage documentaire qui explore la carričre d'Anne Claire Poirier, une pionničre du cinéma québécois, qui dresse le bilan d'un parcours unique tout en humour et en profondeur. Des voix familičres qui ont collaboré avec Anne Claire Poirier tout au long de sa carričre viennent donner leurs impressions et leurs anecdotes pour enrichir cet hommage.
839 ::: U (2003/II) ::: drama ::: In U the harsh realities of student life are brought to light as five students must grapple with violence, morality, sexuality, and accountability during one turbulent year on campus. Freshmen pals Lawrence & Mitchell move into their co-ed dorm and endure a series of embarrassing hazing rituals orchestrated by ruling senior Hannibal James. When the timid Lawrence shies away from Hannibal's tests, he quickly finds himself an outsider and alienated from his friend Mitchell. Up the stairs and down the hall, beautiful sophomore Sophie learns that partying too hard can lead to unexpected and painful outcomes, while Janet, an insecure junior, develops an awkward infatuation with her popular and outgoing roommate, Karen. At this alma mater, surviving residence life is tougher than any final exam.
840 ::: Texas Trap (2015) ::: action ::: Trap Trap was filmed on location in Texas USA. This movie exposes the life people live in the hood's guns, drugs and violence's are there alternatives. This film exposes the type of things people are forced to do to survive in the ghetto . 'SOCIETY REJECTS US BUT THE SYSTEM MADE US WHO WE ARE IN THE GHETTO THERE IS NO 9-5 SO WE ALL GOT DO WHAT WE GOT TO DO TO SURVIVE". Not every one in the ghetto choices a life of crime and violence but they have kids to feed and families depending on them so selling drugs and violence's is there only source of income. The system was designed for the rich to get richer and the poor poorer. The ones who makes it out of the ghetto gets worships and praises but the ones who got left behind no one cares if they live are dies.
841 ::: La barbare (1989) ::: drama ::: Story of a teenage girl whose father dies. She goes to live with her father's friends, a couple. As a sort of revenge on her Father, whom she hates for abandoning her and her mother, she seduces Murray Head, ruining his life. From destroying his and his wife's lives, her own life is reborn.
842 ::: Daniel (2015/II) ::: short ::: Daniel is a homeless man who currently lives on the streets on Coeur dAlene Idaho. He gained the attention Of John Risky Boltz when he started hearing stories about a homeless man giving peoples hundreds of dollars. The documentary is a character study about who Daniel is.
843 ::: Paldo sanai (1969) ::: action ::: Ho grows up with a keen sense of honor and justice. Looking at life around him under colonialism, he decides to right the wrongs he sees. Gathering a group of seven others like himself from all around the country, they begin a crusade to strike out at their oppressors.
844 ::: Tre uomini e una gamba (1997) ::: comedy ::: Three friends leave Milan by car heading south. Two of them are married to two sisters, the third one is going to marry the third sister. The marriage is going to take place in the villa of their vulgar but very rich father in law. They are also bringing him a work of modern art: a wooden leg worth millions even if it doesn't look like it. During the journey everything happens: the future groom falls in love with another woman, the leg is lost to a team of Moroccoian football players and then given back and a dog, belonging to the old man, is lost. The father in law gets angrier and angrier and when they get in front of the villa, he is waiting for them with a shotgun in his hands...
845 ::: Brian Williams Reports: John Kerry: Bringing the War Home (2004) ::: documentary ::: Hosted by Brian Williams. A look at one of the defining chapters in John Kerry's life: his week in Washington in April, 1971, protesting the war as a leader of the Vietnam Veterans Against the War. His activities that week (especially his testimony before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee) received national attention and made him the newest star of the anti-war movement. He also became a target of the Nixon White House, which set out to undermine and discredit him, as documented in once-secret White House tapes and memos.
846 ::: Protesting the Dixie Chicks (2006) ::: documentary ::: On May 1st, 2003, with much of the normally sedate country music community outraged by Dixie Chicks singer Natalie Maines' critical dig at the President, filmmaker Christopher Fleeger began an odyssey across the country, interviewing protesters at concerts and radio stations. What emerged is a fascinating look at a distinctly American discourse on discourse itself. This film focuses on the people who were inspired to add their voices and views to this storm of controversy and captures a crucial moment when many Americans sought to battle dissenting voices, believing it was the highest form of patriotism.
847 ::: The Broken Quiet (2007) ::: drama ::: Edgar, in a drunken rage, drove away his wife, Angela, and five year old daughter, Ashlee. Now, twelve years later, Angela passes away and 17 year old Ashlee must live with her estranged father for six months. Edgar sees it as a chance to reconcile. Ashlee wants nothing to do with him. Complications arise when Ashlee realizes she's pregnant, and decides to abort the child.
848 ::: Hasenherz (1987) ::: family ::: The thirteen year old Janni is depressed, because she's still a little behind in her physical development. This leads to bullying remarks from her classmates. One day, a film crew comes to her school to find a candidate for the role of a Prince in a movie. They choose Janni, who they think is a boy. She takes on the role. At school, she tells her classmates she plays a Princess. When the moment of truth approaches she must find the self-confidence to invite the class to the premiere.
849 ::: Trilogy (1961) ::: short ::: For "Trilogy," filmmaker Marzano grouped together three of his 1960-61 short films _Changeover (1960)_ (qv), _Return (1961)_ (qv) and _Lovelost (1961)_ (qv) into a single 18-minute film, which he described: "In miniature, depicting three moments, perhaps in one day."
850 ::: "Beyond the Groove" (1990) ::: music ::: A businessman is sent on a journey of musical discovery, through the U.S.A, meeting a variety of musical characters, including, David Stewart, Annie Lennox, Bob Geldorf, Harry Dean Stanton?, and others. A thoroughly enjoyable film to watch - if you appreciate musical talent.
851 ::: Sorcerer's Dolls (1998) ::: fantasy ::: An enchanted being, Apitok, appears in a boarding school. Although he looks An enchanted being, Apitok, appears in a boarding school. Although he looks like an ordinary boy, long ago he was bewitched by an evil sorcerer for his misbehavior. Apitok brings his magic to the routine of the children's life in the boarding-school.
852 ::: Above Brooklyn (2009) ::: documentary ::: Many years ago, the Brooklyn skies were filled with the birds of the rooftop pigeon breeders, flying together in complicated and beautiful formations. Today the hobby is on the wane, but there is still a small group who continues the tradition, some of them flying huge stocks of over 1,500 birds. Through interviews with many of the city's longtime pigeon fanciers, we are able to explore the lives of these true Brooklyn characters, their relationships with each other, and the ever-changing neighborhoods in which they live and fly. This project steps into a world that exists on Brooklyn's rooftops, where men obsessed with their birds have found a connection with nature and the sky above them, one that contrasts greatly with the bustling streets only a few flights below.
853 ::: Nine to Five..Too (????) ::: drama ::: A contemporary workplace dramady following the careers and personal lives, the challenges, disappointments, triumphs and good times of three professional black women at different stages in their careers. A workplace story for the new millennium incorporating the politics of race, gender, class and relationships. Neither intellectually, socially, economically nor aesthetically "disadvantaged" the story's heroines allow a look at the dynamics of race and gender in their purest form both in and out of the workplace.
854 ::: Road Trek 2011 (2012) ::: short ::: One Trekker and his ceramic elf sidekick set out on a journey to find the major locations used in the Star Trek films and television shows outside of the Los Angeles area. Their adventure takes them all around California and into the deserts of Nevada, while capturing some of the most iconic and breathtaking scenery in the galaxy on film.
855 ::: The Campaign (2013) ::: documentary ::: THE CAMPAIGN takes an inspiring look at California's No on 8 Campaign to defend same-sex marriage and covers the surprising history of relationship recognition in the United States. The story unfolds as a human drama following five ordinary people compelled by a passionate belief in equality. Their stories are placed inside a 60-year national context that explores the push for recognition of same-sex relationships since the 1950s. Ultimately THE CAMPAIGN provides a window into a timeless question: What inspires everyday people to opt in for something bigger than themselves?
856 ::: Golden Ninja Warrior (1986) ::: action ::: Two ninjas, Michael and Sherri are on two seperate missions but always team up to find the same Ninja attacking them. Sheeri is out to find her father's murderer and Michael must protect the Golden Ninja Warrior statue for a ceremony in China.
857 ::: Wildflowers (2017) ::: drama ::: Aster McGrath embraced his brutal nature as a child. How could he not? His father was imprisoned for murder, and his alcoholic mother abused him and his little sister. The town of Bayville, Mississippi labeled him long ago as a bad seed. When Susan Blackman moves into town, she sees something in him no one else does; she sees good in him. Her gentle spirit draws him in and slowly melts the icy exterior of his heart. Will the good she finds within him be able to overcome the evil lurking deep inside? Or will the violence he seeks to bury break through the surface and seek blood? Can good come from a bad seed?
858 ::: The Movie Horoscope (1928) ::: short ::: A series of twelve short films based on the twelve signs of the Zodiac, one for each month, titled chronologically from "People Born in January" to "People Born in December." 2-strip Technicolor sequences show the flowers and birthstones of each month.
859 ::: Colours of Innocence (2016) ::: drama ::: 10-year-old Gopal's carefree childhood is disrupted when his father meets with an accident. It becomes difficult for his mother to feed him and his little brother Chottu. Gopal starts devising ways to earn money. With a little assistance from Chottu he takes up odd jobs from cleaning wells to selling laboriously plucked fruits in the local village market. Emboldened by his initial success, Gopal fancies himself as the breadwinner of the family. Meanwhile a grand Janmashtami feast is being planned in the Brahmin household where the pulao will be served. Hearing this both the brothers hatch plans of their own. Gopal would like to make a quick buck by selling palmyras for the feast, while Chottu starts dreaming of this fancy dish that he has never seen or tasted. After all he has heard that the whole village will be invited.
860 ::: Reincarnate (2010) ::: drama ::: A teacher and his student go on a trip to a magical island where there is urban life and tourist attractions as well as a palace and temples. Moreover, a haunting past still gnaws, spreads, mates and mutates in a loop that cannot be eliminated. It dissolves and mixes with memories affecting the present and possessing a power that can destroy the future. In this vague atmosphere, the place slowly becomes deserted like a nightmare you want to wake from but cannot resist.
861 ::: "V-focus" (2016) ::: drama ::: They are enemies in their professional lives. Chiang Chih-Heng ('Melvin Sia' (qv)) is a former mercenary who now is known as "The Bodyguard." He is the owner of Krisis, a security consultancy company that protects public figures who are chased by the paparazzi. Ting Jo-Chin ('Wei-Ting Huang' (qv)) is nicknamed the "Variety Queen" for her dogged ability to chase down celebrity gossip exclusives as a tabloid journalist for "V-Focus."
862 ::: A Touch of Larceny (1960) ::: comedy ::: Philandering Commander Max Easton, now desk-bound and under-worked in the Admiralty, finds he suddenly needs to make some money when he falls for American Virginia Killain. When he hatches a plot to disappear in circumstances that suggest he has defected and then return to sue the papers, Virginia doesn't take much notice - at least at first.
863 ::: The Silver Slave (1927) ::: drama ::: Bernice Randall, who has forsaken the love of her sweetheart, Tom Richards, to marry for wealth, turns down Richards' proposal after the death of her husband, and she is denounced by him as a slave to silver. Lavishing the greater part of her fortune on her daughter, Janet, Bernice determines to give her the advantages she herself lacked. Despite her mother's disapproval, Janet scorns the affection of Larry Martin, a life-long friend, after meeting Philip Caldwell, a wealthy sophisticate. Worried over Janet's growing attachment to Philip, Bernice determines to win Caldwell from her daughter, and in a confrontation involving the girl and Richards, now a millionaire, Janet is disillusioned in her mother and Caldwell. Learning of her mother's sacrifice, Janet forgives her and finds happiness with Larry.
864 ::: Have You Heard from Johannesburg: Free at Last (2010) ::: documentary ::: In the final story of this seven part series, we switch perspectives, taking viewers into the heart of the conflict as our South African characters tell the story of the most important non-violent effort in the anti-apartheid campaign -- the mass movement inside South Africa. The country is in a permanent crisis as it tries to convince the world of the merit of its piecemeal reforms and to win allies internally. The regime struggles to suppress open revolt, at times using savage secret tactics The protest climaxes in a fierce campaign of defiance. Meanwhile, Nelson Mandela becomes a household name as the campaign to free him ignites a worldwide crusade. Caught between international campaigns that succeed in both politically and economically isolating the Apartheid state, and an unstoppable internal mass movement, the regime is finally forced to the negotiating table. After twenty-seven years in prison, Nelson Mandela is released, triggering a global celebration.
865 ::: The Amazing Legacy of Turner High (2016) ::: documentary ::: The Amazing Legacy of Turner High is the telling of few of many stories of triumph and achievement that emerged from the hallowed halls of H.M. Turner High School of Atlanta, Georgia. Opened in 1951, the school was a school for "Negro" children during the days of segregation in the deep south. But what was meant to hold back and separate would inspire generation after generation of students and help shape the inclusion of the world at large. Graduates of this segregated public school would become the first to integrate universities, businesses, employment, governments and other institutions of the South. The Amazing Legacy of Turner High is the telling of few of many stories of triumph and achievement that emerged from the hallowed halls of H.M. Turner High School of Atlanta, Georgia. Opened in 1951, the school was a school for "Negro" children during the days of segregation in the deep south. But what was meant to hold back and separate would inspire generation after generation of students and help shape the inclusion of the world at large. Graduates of this segregated public school would become the first to integrate universities, businesses, employment, governments and other institutions of the South.
866 ::: "Kick Up Your Heels" (2013) ::: reality-tv ::: "Kick up your Heels" is a sexy, fun new series that brings the high-heeled workout trend right into your own living room. Now you'll have the chance to secretly indulge yourself in the latest trend of working out in high heels without leaving your home. Fashion One is bringing you a six-episode series that includes kickboxing, street-dance and a zumba-esque workout which are all done in high heels. With our experienced instructors, you can kick, twist and twirl your way to better calf muscles, balance and the increased confidence that comes with this high-heeled workout. Each episode will contain a choreographed routine and will give step-by-step instructions on how to do these heart-pumping, stylized workouts. While you can always follow the routines sans heels, we do hope you'll join us in this trend, which is taking the world by storm. Fulfill your inner diva and get ready to "Kick up your Heels".
867 ::: Triple Cross: Bin Laden's Spy in America (2006) ::: documentary ::: This is the true story of Egyptian spy Ali Mohamed. He infiltrated U.S. intelligence agencies, including the CIA and FBI, and joined the U.S. Army. At the same time, he took orders from the Egyptian Islamic Jihad terrorist organization and later joined forces with al Qaeda. He trained Osama bin Laden's jihadist warriors and helped plan terrorist attacks including the 1998 African embassy bombings.
868 ::: Blau blüht der Enzian (1973) ::: comedy ::: This film is set in the winter paradise of Kitzbühel. The students of a catering school turn their educational premises into a hotel for the rich and famous. They provide various entertainments and spectacular floorshows. When a millionaire, on the run from the pressures and possible heart attacks of city life arrives with his retinue, all sorts of amusing mix ups begin.
869 ::: Empty Arms (1920) ::: drama ::: Diane Summers' mother died giving birth to her, and Diane has been terrified of the same thing happening to her if she becomes pregnant. When her boyfriend Bruce Gordon proposes to her, she agrees to marry him on one condition--that the marriage never be consummated so that she will never have children. Gordon agrees, but soon finds the situation unbearable and leaves her. Diane, seeing how happy other women are with their children, finally changes her mind about not having children of her own, and sets out to find her husband and inform him. However, the train she's on is derailed and she is "rescued" by Phillip Darnton, who has his own plans for Diane--and they don't include bringing her back to her husband.
870 ::: The 43rd Annual Grammy Awards (2001) ::: music ::: Grammy - music award of the American academy of the audio recording, was founded by the American association of sound-recording companies of March, 14, 1958. Grammy is awarded annually as a result of voting by the authorized members of "Recording Academy".
871 ::: Norma Rae (1979) ::: drama ::: Like a lot of her family before her, Norma Rae works at the local textile mill, where the pay is hardly commensurate with the long hours and lousy working conditions. But after hearing a rousing speech by labor activist Reuben, Norma is inspired to rally her fellow workers behind the cause of unionism. Her decision rankles her family, especially her fiancé, Sonny, and provokes no shortage of contempt from her employers. Norma Rae is a southern textile worker employed in a factory with intolerable working conditions. This concern about the situation gives her the gumption to be the key associate to a visiting labor union organizer. Together, they undertake the difficult, and possibly dangerous, struggle to unionize her factory. Norma Rae is a lively, but dependable, wife and mother in an Alabama mill town. Like her father, her mother and most of her friends, she works at the Henley mill, spinning and weaving cloth as the days go by without much apparent purpose. Her "nothing special" life changes when she and her coworkers meet Reuben, a dedicated, smart-mouthed labor organizer down from New York to teach the Henley crew about solidarity in a place where workers and owners alike think "union" and "trouble" are synonymous.
872 ::: Rebel Frontier (2004) ::: documentary ::: Of all the emigrant groups to arrive in the United States the Finns and the Irish were the most restless. Both pushed west with the frontier and in 1917 in Butte, Montana, their paths crossed to make an explosive combination with the emerging American Labour movement.
873 ::: Bittercress (2006) ::: drama ::: Thirteen years ago, James Malick killed Marion Smith's son - she knows it. But the courts didn't quite see it that way. Today, Malick is released and Marion is approached by a stranger who gives her and others the chance to meet with Malick. The stranger brings Malick to them, bound and gagged, and he testifies to them that Marion was right all along. Because of double jeopardy, the kidnapper warns that Malick can never be brought to justice again for this crime. He hands Marion the same weapon used to kill her son, a baseball bat, in the only chance for justice she may ever get. The question is: will she use it?
874 ::: Nehera Spring Summer Fashionshow 2018 (2017) ::: short ::: NEHERA focuses on clothing. It has been showing in Paris during the Paris Fashion Week. NEHERA develops its signature style of linear silhouettes using the natural materials and tangible craftsmanship. It represents an unpretentious choice for a confident yet enigmatic woman.
875 ::: Inspiration (2008) ::: short ::: A short film shot on a cell phone, which explores the way in which thoughts and ideas enter the mind. A man awakes one morning with divine inspiration, but for what and why he has no idea. The only thing he does know is he needs to go to the mall and... get coffee.
876 ::: 28 Minute Epic (2017) ::: comedy ::: 28 Minute Epic is about two aimless Jersey boy best friends, who are fired from their cushy porn-shop jobs and decide to become superheroes for hire in order to at attain financial stability after accidentally saving someone's life. With help from a "professional" crime fighter, they find that being a hero isn't always super.
877 ::: Netrpeljivost (2003) ::: short ::: TV documentary series (12 episodes) about intolarance, as one of the basic forms of communication, in post-Milosevic's Serbia. Intolarance towards social and ethnic minority groups, such as: homosexuals, Muslims, Croats, refugees, Albanians etc.
878 ::: La Paisana Jacinta: En Búsqueda de Wasaberto (2017) ::: comedy ::: Its the story of a naive Peruvian native who goes to lima, peru, in order to gain fortune, on her way back to her hometown, she discovers that her ,(almost, as she said it) husband has gone to lima in order to solve a problem with a building company that threatens to demolish her town and build an enormous hotel on top. on her travel she will find a little girl that serves as a company to her story, giving her a (miracle) speech that is really important to the plot. so, here are some of the most critical aspects of the film, the actors were perivian --pop culture. which means that they have appeared in famous peruvian shows like : "al fondo hay sitio" and many other local actors, despite the acting wasn't AAA, its just bearable. the movie heavily relies on cringe in order to entertain the audience, so much to being a little racist (just a little). the movie was based on the original 1999 show, which was meant to actually be kinda racist, but as said early, its bearable. the green scene effect are obviously terrible, but lets consider that the Peruvian movie industry its just starting and are relaying on people that don't have ANYTHING to do with the acting world, less with movies, like natalia malaga, for those of you who don't know her, she is the VOLLEYBALL FEDERATION MAIN TRAINES. what is she doing in a cringe movie? any way. the industry is good. I would give it 3 stars for the effort. its trying and failing.but trying.
879 ::: Comme un coup de tonnerre (2002) ::: documentary ::: An inner view of the 2002 presidential campaign of 'Lionel Jospin' (qv) filmed at "L'Atelier", his campaign headquarters in central Paris, with some excerpts of his electoral meetings. Here, we can see how 'Lionel Jospin' (qv) has prepared his electoral campaign with French Socialist Party leaders, and how it has evolved during the 6 weeks of his campaign. No comments from the journalists are done. Although it doesn't explain completely Jospin's result, it shows some indications of the inefficiency of the Socialist organisation, some mistakes made by Jospin, the heaviness of the campaign commitee in which it was difficult to draw a clear direction, and to create a good climate for preparing this election. The film ends with the final unexpected failure of 21st April 2002 where Jospin was eliminated from the second round of the election, arriving only in 3rd position defeated by 'Jacques Chirac (I)' (qv) and 'Jean-Marie Le Pen' (qv), and therefore announcing his retirement from politics. Surprise, shock, disbelief and sadness prevailed that evening in the Socialist headquarters.
880 ::: Bareback ou La guerre des sens (2006) ::: drama ::: A cinephile meets on a beach in Ramatuelle his favorite filmmaker. He proposes to film the painful adventure that is just live. The two men will knit the scenes, each in its own way. The filmmaker keeps pushing the project, arguing that the chuting is not good. But perhaps there's a good reason not to go after the adventure.
881 ::: The Ultimate Pranx Case (2012) ::: drama ::: October 15, 2010 - Following a 911 call, a police car is dispatched at an isolated house near Franklin, Pensylvania. Two battered young men are found in the house, one of them half-dead. A third man is seen roaming about on the front lawn, shell-shocked. Upon seeing the police officers, he blurts out: "... we were just playing... we didn't know things would get out of hand... she... she just couldn't take it..." "She" is in fact a young lady, invited over for dinner by one of the three young men. Unbeknownst to her, their romantic evening was filmed by eleven cameras, six of which were streaming live to the internet from 7:56 to 8:49 pm - that is until viewers' complaints led to the interruption of the live stream by the police. The Ultimate Pranx Case is an edited version in real time of an elaborate prank, a carefully planned vicious case of bullying which went awfully awry. The film is made of footage retrieved from security cameras, hidden handy-cams and a web-cam. By way of respect for the victims, it is being presented without music and without sound or picture enhancement. The families of the young people involved have agreed to the release of the film to bring awareness to the dangers and often dire consequences of bullying. The Ultimate Pranx Case is an edited version in real time of an elaborate prank, a carefully planned vicious case of bullying which went awfully awry. The film is made of footage retrieved from security cameras, hidden handy-cams and a web-cam. By way of respect for the victims, it is being presented without music and without sound or picture enhancement.
882 ::: Shine: The Legacy of Roanoke's Ad Men and Women (2017) ::: documentary ::: As the Roanoke Region grew, a talented group of communicators grew with it. Through advertisements, they told the stories of our railroads and retailers, health care providers and non-profit organizations. From "I am the Nation," an ad created at the venerable Houck Advertising Agency that became a recording by Johnny Cash, to the accidental icon of the Mill Mountain Star, Shine offers perspectives on creativity, change, and the transformative power of ideas. Produced in association with the Roanoke chapter of the American Advertising Federation and filmed over the course of four years, the documentary benefited from the assistance of dozens of reviewers and content providers. Featuring many archival commercials, a cast of more than 40 men and women tell the stories of an industry that helped shape the city we know today.
883 ::: Exoplanets (2017) ::: documentary ::: NASA may have just gotten one step closer to the answering the question: are we alone? The Spitzer Telescope has made a groundbreaking discovery of exoplanets that could be similar to our own. And as Kepler also continues its search, our understanding of the universe continues to be redefined.
884 ::: Kungfu Karate (2009) ::: short ::: At one time in his life, Jay was an ultimate Kungfu Karate warrior. Now years later, he is forced to face a past long forgotten in attempt to save his sister, Jill, from the evil clutches of the revenge seeking Trent. This short comedy was a submission for the 2009, 48-Hour festival (Los Angeles) and received an award for best use of dialogue. The 48-Hour Festival is a festival in which teams compete to see who can create the best film from pre-production through post-production.
885 ::: Revival 41 (2013) ::: short ::: Trey Canard's crash last season was one that most riders don't come back from. But #41 knew he had a higher calling. When others doubted and the pain progressed, he knew he was destined to race again. This is the story of Trey's year-long journey from back injury to the starting gate of the 2013 Supercross season as he strives to put #41 back on top. Revival 41 tells the story of Trey's comeback, his attempt to reconcile the tragedy of his past and the pain of his present, with his unshakeable belief for the future. It's the human struggle to persist, continue and hope in the face of overwhelming pain. "People say that what you believe in is a fairy tale. But I don't believe that at all... I believe that I was put on this earth to ride a motorcycle" - Trey Canard.
886 ::: Glasat, koyto moli Boga za Bulgaria (2014) ::: documentary ::: The documentary occasioned by the 100th anniversary of the great operatic and world-famous Bulgarian bass Boris Christoff includes a few story-lines. This is a new vision of the big opera singer's life, full of ups and downs; a dramatic story about the operatic legend featuring unique footage that only BNT owns. The film also includes an interview with Boris Christoff taken during his last visit to Bulgaria in 1985 that has not been shown for a long time. It is a story about a secret dossier code-named Garibaldi compiled by agents of the former State Security Service. This is a documentary about the greatness of the human spirit and talent.
887 ::: L'oblit a l'oli (2009) ::: short ::: My grandfather paints landscapes that no longer exist because they have disappeared under touristic buildings. On Summer 2008 I came back to Menorca, the island where I was born. I wanted to shoot my grandfather, his paintings and his landscapes. The result: a touristic drama with hotel at the bottom.
888 ::: Tight Dress (2016) ::: drama ::: Lisa is a young designer from Paris. She is starting to work as an independent designer and she wants to make a fashion show. A friend of her, a girl named Hęlin persuades Lisa to make the show in Diyarbakir, telling her that in there you can find the most beautiful girls to parade as models. Hęlin will try to find the girls for the fashion show before Lisa arrives from Paris. But the challenge is bigger than expected. Hęlin is going through the city with Nezmi, who helps her, trying to find young, beautiful, special girls, but also older women, between 16 to 40 years old. All the girls dream of being part of the show but the men (husbands, brothers, uncle, etc.) don't accept to let the girls parade. Hęlin has much difficulties to go on with the project. The problem is not the women, but the men. However Hęlin finds a young girl, very special named Gulé. Gulé will get married but her husband is kind and open minded, very proud to see Gulé parade for the show. When Lisa arrives from Paris, nothing is done, there are no girls available, Lisa is upset and the crew is in stress. They have to rush to get the show ready. They have all sorts of difficulties to achieve their goal. Meanwhile, Gulé, the young beautiful girl, gets married but her husband betrays her and does not let her free anymore, Ť now you are mine. ť he says. Lisa wants to see Gulé, but Gulé has disappeared - Lisa, Hęlin and Nezmi go away to find the girl.
889 ::: "Morris 2274" (2003) ::: drama ::: Rory Busby finds some strange new friends who can transport him to any period in history. Just what he needs to help him finish the History project that Miss Rankin has been waiting for. But he must not interfere with history, which is easier said than done.
890 ::: Blackdom (????) ::: western ::: In the Jim Crow-era south, a black man falsely accused of murder flees to the New Mexico Territory and starts an all-black town, only to be hunted down by the man who framed him. This is the story of one man's 2,000 mile journey in his pursuit for integrity. Despite the obstacles, what he started was an all-black town. What he found was the courage to lead.
891 ::: "Gunblade" (????) ::: sci-fi ::: An evil scientist named Dr. Dexter and his supercomputer OLYMPUS unleash a sealed evil clan called the Gothic, causing untold destruction and threatening the human race to extinction. A special six member task force called the Gunblade Team is formed, using special smart phone devices called GB Drives to summon app weapons and powered exosuits to perform superhuman feats to combat this threat.
892 ::: "Sanity" (2016) ::: drama ::: SANITY follows five graduate MFT student therapists in a UCLA university counseling clinic and the unusual patients they take on while managing their own intense interpersonal relationships. The clinic is run by the brilliant Dr. Mann who has hand-picked these five psych students for their unique gifts. But to Dr. Mann, there is no God - there is only the DSM. Here in the clinic, the students' behavior is called out, analyzed, and poked fun at, as it creates conflicts with patients, advisors and each other. In short, this show is about a small group of student trainees who try (and sometimes fail) to set aside their own problems in order to help others with theirs. Their patients' struggles in some way highlight their own struggles, which point our psych students toward a new, deeper understanding of themselves.
893 ::: Dirty Scoundrels (2001) ::: comedy ::: Dirty Scoundrels is the story of Yuji, an engaged businessman, who decides to grope Asuka, a pretty young girl, on a busy Tokyo commuter train. The cheap thrill turns expensive as Yuji discovers she took this opportunity to steal his wallet. Later on, Asuka finds Yuji and approaches him with an indecent partnership proposal. This film is another quality installment from the Chikan Densha GROPER TRAIN series - the longest running film series in the world (Over 500 GROPER TRAIN films have been made!)
894 ::: Chamber of Shadows (2009) ::: mystery ::: After the murder of her techno-genius boyfriend Rick, Jill's only desire was to get away from the corporate goons she believed were responsible for his untimely death. But after she arrives at the country home of her reclusive Uncle Lewis, Jill discovers a world of dark secrets that reveal the truth she had sought so desperately to escape. Drawn into a maze of conspiracy theories and counter-plots, Jill--along with her teenage-wasteland cousin Jim, his stoner sidekick Mike, and mysterious Chilean beauty Pamela must decide who the real terrorists are...
895 ::: The Silver Girl (1919) ::: drama ::: Anne Kepple marries Jefferson Hunter, a man twice her age, after he has forced a loan shark to give her back a mining claim that belonged to her dead father. The claim adjoins Jefferson's mine "The Howling Coyote," which he renames "The Silver Girl" in his wife's honor. Their marriage is a happy one until lawyer Nathan Hargrave arrives and plants thoughts of New York life in Anne's head. Anne persuades Jefferson to go East and they have an enjoyable time until Jefferson discovers that Hargrave is trying to steal Anne away. Believing his wife no longer loves him, Jefferson tries to force Hargrave to kill him in a duel, but Hargrave does not shoot straight due to nervousness. Jefferson returns home to Nevada and resumes his work with his former partner "Chick" Wilson. Anne finally goes home one day after realizing the true worth of her husband.
896 ::: "Dr James Rietveld" (2016) ::: biography ::: James Rietveld is a professor of Religion, Archaeology, and Antiquities from Claremont Graduate University's School of Religion (PhD 2006). His specialties include the History of Christianity in the Early, Medieval, and Byzantine periods and Greco-Roman religions. Also at Claremont, Rietveld minored in Islam and Hinduism. Rietveld received both his Bachelor of Arts and his Masters of Arts in History at California State University Fullerton in 1991 and 1998 respectively and a classical education in Greek and Latin from University of California Irvine from 1999-2001. Rietveld is currently teaching at California State University Long Beach. He has a passion for studies revolving around Asia Minor and is an accomplished, author and radio presenter.
897 ::: Attachment Disorder (2008) ::: short ::: A man wakes to finds himself in handcuffs wandering a purgatory constructed of the unresolved traumas of his life. Two spirit guides help him through a hypnotic, fitful, terrifying, and humorous labyrinth. Will he resolve his conflicts? Can anyone resolve their conflicts?
898 ::: Skinner (1993) ::: horror ::: A decent-looking lad called Dennis Skinner rents an apartment in a couple's house, Kerry and Geoff. At night he roams the streets with a goodie-bag filled with knives looking for victims to skin, constantly followed by the hobbling, wobbling junkie Heidi who was mutilated by him and is now looking for revenge. Dennis is attracted to Kerry and wants to show her the real him.
899 ::: The Buchenwald Ball (2006) ::: documentary ::: The Buchenwald Ball is a film that celebrates survival. Uplifting, full of swagger and joie de vivre, it tells the story of 45 orphans who escaped the Holocaust and found their way to Australia after their liberation from the Buchenwald concentration camp. These child survivors came to be known as the Buchenwald Boys, a group of friends who drink hard, argue with gusto, sustain one another, and dance to live. The film documents their struggles, their humor, and ultimately the tenacity of their human spirits in the aftermath of unimaginable tragedy. Whether they are debating how to celebrate the 60th ball or the existence for God, the Boys are full of vigor and humor. Four of the Boys-Szaja Chaskiel, Sam Michalowicz, Henry Salter, and Joe Szwarcberg-now in their seventies and eighties, share stories from before and after their liberation, revealing memories of childhood homes, the last moments with murdered parents, surviving Nazi ghettos, camps and death marches, and their emigration to Australia. The film follows Chaskiel on his first visit to Poland and Germany since his liberation. Accompanied by his son, Mark, Chaskiel visits the camps at Auschwitz-Birkenau and Buchenwald, where he visits Block 66, the children's block, where he and most of the Boys were imprisoned. Every year on April 11, the anniversary of their liberation, the Buchenwald Boys hold a ball filled with music, dancing, and an energy that defies their advancing ages. The ball is a defiant celebration of life, friendship, family, and love.
900 ::: Women on Wheels (2015) ::: documentary ::: In a society where women have fixed gendered roles, a group of women break these barriers, and enter the domain of driving commercial taxis in India. A story of their formidable journey and changed lives. - In India where women are usually expected to sit on the accompanying seat of the vehicle driver, but never welcomed or expected to drive themselves. This is more applicable in commercial vehicles where people feel it's a man's job to drive commercially. Women on Wheels is about a few young Indian women, who took up to driving local Taxis in New Delhi.These women's economic condition and their inability to get stereotyped into roles fixed for women, made them take this bold leap. Coming from the poor families and belonging to societies which are too constricted about the roles which women are allowed to take up. They challenged the prejudices, and broke the taboos, overcoming apprehensions of everyone, to become successful taxi drivers, on the streets of Delhi. This film tries to captures the essence of their journeys, where they tell themselves how they went about it and challenges they faced on this road. The film in also about the changed lives and the world which till now was forbidden, where they are now independent, self-sufficient, and many times the key earning hand of their families. How they see their transformation and how the people around them, and the world in general sees this transformation, is also a key element covered in this short duration film.
901 ::: Half Dead (2005) ::: thriller ::: Max is injected with a green serum that turns him into a zombie. Half human, half zombie, half dead. Max teams up with Cody and a pissed off hillbilly  to fight the bad guys that want their serum back so they can contaminate the town water supply and turn everyone into bloodthirsty drooling zombies.
902 ::: J Balvin: The Rise (2015) ::: documentary ::: J Balvin was born and bread in Medellin, Colombia. His first success, outside of Colombia, was Yo Te Lo Dije (I Told You So) in 2012 which was a major success in Europe. Since then he has become a international sensation. His unique blend of Reggae and Spanish rap, dubbed Reggaeton, keeps dance floors packed around the world. In this exclusive documentary we explore his journey.
903 ::: The Night They Returned (2004) ::: horror ::: Confined to a cell in a mental asylum, young Jessica has a tale to tell, if the doctors will listen. See, Jessica comes from a family a bit more dysfunctional than most. Her sexy sisters Brenda and Tawny would frequently tie her up in her bedroom for her own safety, they claimed. Maybe, but more likely to prevent her from interfering in their favorite pastime. Seems the two sisters have a habit of seducing hapless males into returning to their secluded backwoods cabin, only to be trussed up, brutally butchered and snacked on! But dad's in the house, why won't he do something about these ghoulish shenanigans? Oh, that's right. He's dead! Not that that stops the sisters from doting on dear old dad, or at least what's left of him. Once done with their unfortunate victims, the girls have been tossing their chopped-up remains in a nearby creek. But someone else has been depositing their dirty secrets their too. The sisters don't make much of the discarded container of biohazardous waste they find there until the toxic sauce has an unexpected effect on the body parts at the bottom of the creek!
904 ::: Out of Focus (2007/II) ::: documentary ::: Ohad Naharin is Israel's "rock star" choreographer, and artistic director of Batsheva Dance Company. He specializes in getting world-class dancers to move from their guts-not the mirror-by teaching them what he playfully calls "Gaga" his unique language of movement. In this dynamic close-up documentary, veteran Israeli filmmaker Tomer Heymann renders a candid portrait of the movement and the man through an in-depth look at Naharin's rehearsal process with Cedar Lake Contemporary Ballet of New York City. Heymann masterfully elicits a series of "Notes on Dance"from his subject, climaxing in a denouement reminiscent of My Dinner with André in leotards and tights. See some of the world's greatest dancers let go of everything they know as they strive to fulfill Naharin's vision, and their own deepest desires.
905 ::: Le cavalier noir (1945) ::: adventure ::: In Flanders in the eighteenth century, Ramon de Ortila, a young lord who has been dispossessed of property has turned into a gentleman brigand. His main target is Monsieur de Saint-Brissac, the salt tax farmer. But Solange, his daughter, sets a trap and lures the young man to her father's manor. Little does she know that love is at the rendezvous...
906 ::: The Love Song of Henry Milk (2001) ::: short ::: Henry and his computer have a thing going. Henry is usually holed up in his apartment, downloading music files, visiting sites that picture women. His only distraction is the occasional sound of love-making in a nearby flat. When the Trojan virus eats up every file on his hard drive, Henry decides to try human contact. He puts on his best clothes and calls on the woman next door. Has the computer taught him anything about communicating with the opposite sex? Will she or any woman become the Apple of his eye?
907 ::: Out of Sight: Stop the Stigma, Start a Conversation (2016) ::: documentary ::: Out of Sight takes a close look at how our society treats adolescents at-risk of suicide, or suffering from depression - and its dire consequences. It addresses the idea that such issues are best kept "out of sight."
908 ::: O agalitsas: Ena exagomeno koroido (1985) ::: comedy ::: An accountant, Nikos Agathonikos, is a model citizen, and one day, when he finds a bag with fifty million drachmas in it (although he faces serious financial problems) he hands it over to the police, who then return it to its owner, an industrialist. The hero is declared the most honest man of the year, but this honor becomes his downfall. He loses his job and the woman he loves. He is renounced even by his own brothers. He turns for a job to the industrialist, who sends him to Cyprus to transport drugs. Nikos is under the impression that he is transporting powdered sugar used on lokums (Turkish delights); the customs officers don't suspect him, and the "industrialist" and his ring have a booming business on their hands. At some point, an old fellow-worker who has established her own ring interferes and claims a share. Nikos' integrity and naivety, however, lead to the arrest and conviction of the entire gang.
909 ::: Kaze tachinu (1976) ::: drama ::: The story began in the early summer of 1942 when 'Tatsurou' met 'Setsuko' at Karuizawa. Its love at first sight but sadly 'Setsuko' was pledged to marry a stranger by her parent. She ran away from her hometown and arrived at Tokyo in search of her love one. War erupted then and Tatsurou was summoned to service. As be set foot on a snow-capped mountain before his imminent departure, they promised to each other to press on until they meet again.
910 ::: Mardik: Baghdad to Hollywood (2008) ::: documentary ::: Mardik Martin may be one of movie-making's most important screenwriters - and least well-known. Mardik: from Baghdad to Hollywood traces one of the most unlikely journeys in American film history - from growing up in Baghdad to being one of the hottest writers in Hollywood. Mardik began his love affair with film in Baghdad at age sixteen where he worked in at the local MGM distributor. In 1958, he came to the United States to study economics at NYU. In 1959, Mardik changed his focus to movies. At NYU, Mardik befriended Martin Scorsese and their relationship would lead to some of the greatest films in American Cinema (Mean Streets, The Last Waltz, New York, New York and Raging Bull). At the peak of his success, Mardik succumbed to the ills of fame, fortune and the destructive lifestyles of Hollywood. His fall from grace is a cautionary tale, yet his rise from despair becomes the heart of the film. In 1986, a new path as a teacher emerged, which he continues today as a senior lecturer at USC, instructing countless students about life and the art of screenwriting. Mardik is an intimate portrait of an often forgotten character in Hollywood Cinema - the screenwriter. Ultimately, it is a modern-day fable about reaching for your dreams and finding redemption in the end.
911 ::: A Family on Edge (2013) ::: drama ::: "A Family On Edge" is about two brothers, Michael and Gabriel Bonds, who were thick as thieves growing up in Atlanta who protected each other by any means necessary. When a fatal mistake separates the siblings, their rock-solid relationship is forever changed. Shocking secrets from past and present create intensifying tension between the brothers who find themselves faced with a perilous choice, resulting in A Family On Edge. This highly realistic urban drama is layered with unpredictable twists and turns that appeal to an intergenerational audience.
912 ::: Einstein's Universe (1979) ::: documentary ::: A documentary produced in 1979 to celebrate the centenary of the birth of Albert Einstein. Narrated and hosted by Peter Ustinov and written by Nigel Calder, the film takes place at the University of Texas' McDonald Observatory where a staff of renowned physicists take both Ustinov and the viewer through a hands-on experience of the exciting facets of Einstein's Theory of General Relativity.
913 ::: Demons (2017) ::: short ::: A young woman struggling with mental illness, watches her romantic relationship with a promising artist begin to unravel. Personified by her evil, other self, her mental illness becomes a barrier in their relationship. She seeks psychiatric treatment - attends therapy sessions, undergoes hypnosis and eventually shock therapy. Watching their relationship unfold like a film in an old theatre, culminates in a moment of lucidity, when the realities of her mental illness become apparent to both of them.
914 ::: Call of Life (2010) ::: documentary ::: The first feature-length documentary film to fully investigate the growing threat to Earth's life-support systems from the loss of biodiversity. If current trends continue, scientists warn that half or more of all plant and animal species on Earth will become extinct within the next few decades. Call of Life investigates the scope, the causes, and the predicted effects of this unprecedented loss of life, but also looks deeper, at the ways in which both culture and psychology have helped to create and perpetuate the situation. The film not only tells the story of a crisis in nature, but also in human nature, a crisis more complex and threatening than anything human beings have ever faced before.
915 ::: "Contempt" (2012) ::: horror ::: Drug lord, Raul Castillo, awakens in the middle of nowhere. He soon discovers he is to be the guinea pig for Unknown's deadly trials. With only a modified cell phone which connects him to his tormentor, he must suffer a gauntlet of penalties in a fight for his life!
916 ::: Human Being (2015) ::: short ::: Matteo is a man who wanders. His life slides along the streets and he is cradled by the river he lives on. A girl is missing after having met him. The missing girl's sister and boyfriend think Matteo kidnapped her and with their vision blinded by anger they rush to his house.
917 ::: Birdman (2008) ::: short ::: In a coastal suburb of Cape Town lives a charming elderly gentleman, who over a period of 15 years has gained the trust and friendship of the pigeons near his home by feeding and interacting with them every day. Over time he has put together a highly original and engrossing show, where he has taught the birds some remarkable tricks. They listen to him and trust him completely. His endearing love for the birds shines through, and although his income solely relies on donations from neighbors and friends for his show, he spends most of it on feeding and caring for the birds.
918 ::: Huihun ye (1962) ::: drama ::: An unauthorised remake of Hitchcock's classic. The film is based on the same plot of Vertigo with some alterations, most significantly the detective is prone to a heart attack instead of vertigo. Some changes are made in order to cope with the moral standard of the time, and a certain elements of Chinese superstition are inserted to add an eerie mood of the story.
919 ::: Tales from the Foxhole (1999) ::: adult ::: Two horny young marines discuss personal homosexual experiences in detail, before night falls. As the thunder rolls and lightning flashes, Lyons dreams about his basic training unit. There marines are masturbating in their bunks, when suddenly the drill instructor catches them and makes the offenders fellate him. The others are forced to masturbate in formation. As dawn breaks and the rain stops, the two foxhole buddies discover their mutual horniness.
920 ::: Amore mio, uccidimi! (1973) ::: drama ::: Manny Baxter is furious: his wife has run away with her lover Guido. Manny is rich and jealous and will use all the power of his money to prevent his wife Laureen and Guido from being happy together. And, first things first, he will keep them from leaving Manila where they are now for Bangkok as they are planning.
921 ::: That's My Ponzi (????) ::: comedy ::: When Carlo "Ponzi", a handsome and mysterious Latin millionaire arrives in Miami he soon has all the local women swooning. He wines and dines them while plying them with tales of his exotic adventures. Soon he has every socialite competing for his time and attention. It doesn't take long however for a few clever cougars to figure out this big time player is really a big time fraud. Carlo appears to be running an international investment scam funded by gullible women from around the world. Even when his scam is exposed, Carlo is able to use his charm to convince some women "they are the only one". Chaos ensues and the nails come out as the seduced women fight for their man exclaiming- "That's My Ponzi". But when the cougars realize Carlo has hatched a variety of "escape" scenarios in case things get too hot- they decide to turn up the heat and run a scam of their own. This hilarious comedy caper reveals we all wear masks, but only some are more beautiful when their masks come off.
922 ::: 4 Days (2016) ::: drama ::: 4 Days tells the story of two college friends who slowly realize they mean more to each other than either had initially realized. 4 Days joins Derek and Mark in the days leading up to Valentine's Day over the course of a few years- charting the blossoming of a friendship in to something much more enduring as time goes on - and challenging both to question who they thought they were and who they truly want to me. Painting a moving picture of how an abiding friendship can sometimes lead to love - and how we sometimes have to wrestle with our own demons to find their true self, 4 Days is achingly romantic and delicate.
923 ::: The Bituminous Coal Queens of Pennsylvania (2005) ::: documentary ::: In this documentary, Sarah Rush takes us back to the coal-mining town of her youth -- Carmichaels, Penn., population: 556. At the 50th anniversary of the Coal Queen Pageant in August 2003, we're introduced to 14 young ladies who are vying for the coveted crown.
924 ::: The Night Audit (2004) ::: comedy ::: The Night Audit, the graveyard shift of the hotel industry, madrugada. In the course of one shift, a mob boss, a local prostitute, disillusioned minimum-wage earners, and an unsuspecting guest will converge at Morning Wood Suites, and all in time for a visit from Jesus.
925 ::: Fittest on Earth: A Decade of Fitness (2017) ::: documentary ::: The 2016 Reebok CrossFit Games were a grueling five-day, 15-event test to find the fittest man and woman on Earth. "Fittest on Earth: A Decade of Fitness" follows the dramatic story of the top athletes who qualified and competed and offers an inside look at what it takes to be among the world's elite athletes, both in training and on the competition floor. The CrossFit Games challenge competitors to perform intense physical tasks, but the hardest part is sometimes mental. Athletes often learn the details of the events only minutes before they begin, and everyone handles the pressure differently. Which of these fierce competitors will rise to the top and earn the title of Fittest on Earth?
926 ::: Beyond the Fear: A Documentary about Rat Lungworm Disease (2015) ::: documentary ::: 'Beyond the Fear' is a documentary portraying a universal story about family and life when facing an illness; shot through an artistic perspective we discover part of the mystery behind 'rat lungworm disease,' with some twists along the way.
927 ::: El camino (2008/III) ::: drama ::: Elliot, 31, a product of the Washington D.C. foster care system, has spent most of his life moving from place to place. When he is contacted by Matthew, a childhood friend from "the system" dying of cancer, Elliot goes to be by his side. At the funeral, he meets Gray and Lily, two friends of Matthew, both aimless in their present lives. Motivated by their sense of loss, and personal anger, Gray, Lily and Elliot steal Matthew's ashes and take them to Mexico. As the three travelers journey cross-country with Matthew's urn in tow, they are forced to confront their own sense of family, identity and future. Set against the changing American landscape, EL CAMINO follows these characters as they search for themselves in a country that has lost it's own identity. Gray, the wayward son of a prominent D.C. family, has left his pregnant girlfriend. He is angry, volatile and fearful of commitment. Lily is Matthew's ex-girlfriend. Unbeknownst to her parents, she has dropped out of college and become an exotic dancer. Lost in alcohol and pills she longs for her mother's approval. Elliot is outside the cultural mainstream. He carries a suitcase filled with documents and mementos of his life. An explorer of human experience, he interviews and videotapes people he meets. Haunted by dreams of his mother's drowning, Elliot struggles to find his place in the world. EL CAMINO is a humorous and compassionate film about friendship, family, and search for self in today's American landscape.
928 ::: Together (1956) ::: drama ::: Two dockers,both deaf and dumb ,live in London 's East end in the fifties .Together, they stand by each other and their camaraderie helps them to carry on their sad life on a wharf where cranes are more important than human beings and in a boarding-house where their landlady feeds them without any compassion .Besides ,all the brats on the block laugh at them,call them names .They try to make the best of it,having a drink in a pub,or going to the fair.
929 ::: Springtime in the Rockies (1942) ::: musical ::: Broadway partners Vicky Lane and Dan Christy have a tiff over Christy's womanizing. Jealous Vicky takes up with her old flame and former dance partner, Victor Price, and Dan's career takes a nosedive. In hopes of rekindling their romance and getting Vicky back on the boards with him, Dan follows her to a ritzy resort in the Canadian Rockies, where she and Victor are about to open their new act. But things get complicated when Dan wakes after a bender to find that he's hired an outlandish Latin secretary, Rosita Murphy, which makes Vicky think he's just up to his old tricks again.
930 ::: Corsia preferenziale (1995) ::: drama ::: Tre divi del rock, arrestati negli anni '70 per possesso di marijuana, sono scelti come modelli di carcerati da uno scienziato orientale, scopritore di una pianta allucinogena che, una volta assunta, offre un quadro piů chiaro per lo studio della psiche umana. Alla prima seduta, perň, i tre immobilizzano lo studioso, assumono tutta la pianta e riescono ad evadere. Aiutati dal dottor Lay, il loro agente, i tre cantanti si rifugiano in una villa abbandonata dove impiantano una clinica per emarginati.
931 ::: Food Network Special: Master Chef - Test of a Lifetime (2002) ::: documentary ::: This is a story about a group of individuals who dared to try. It is a story about excellence and limitations, knowledge and imprudence. It is a story about winners and losers. Our story comes to you from behind the scenes where we focus on 12 qualifying chefs from across North America as they aim for top title in the culinary world - Certified Master Chef. Never before in the history of the Certified Master Chef examinations has a film crew ever been invited to attend.
932 ::: "Johnny Angel" (2018) ::: comedy ::: A gay, anxious, people-pleaser and former Hollywood heartthrob, desperate to save his Sunset Strip Penthouse, reluctantly becomes the father to his evil step-brothers three children, while simultaneously trying to come to terms with who he is as a man, a parent, and a human-being.
933 ::: Varför Lyser inga Stjärnor? (2011) ::: drama ::: Stars don't shine where Jocke (10) and his sister Jessie (8) live. Their arguing parents are breaking up and are planning to separate the two children. One night Jocke realizes that his little snow globe is a gate into a magical world. Jocke and Jessie decide to run off into this magical world in order to stay together. They enter a 2-dimensional fairy world where the only limitation is their own imagination. The little snow globe acts as a map to aid the two children in their search for the broken stars far up on the mountain. During this taxing adventure they run into strange characters who help them on their quest. At the same time Jocke is beginning to worry about that something hiding in the dark is following them.
934 ::: The Snow Falcon 2 (1999) ::: adventure ::: The Organization continues their pursuit of the Snow Falcon, a secret-formula protected by a bevy of beautiful agents. Their new operative is no more successful than their former one, as the ladies soon have the upper hand. Only when the fired agent arrives on the scene and nabs the opposing agents, leaving them securely gagged and bound, does it seem that the secret group have a chance at obtaining the coveted formula.
935 ::: Heroin (2013/II) ::: short ::: Heroin is an urban chic art film by New York City artist and filmmaker Marko Stout. The film lacks a clear narrative, but rather follows a young woman's drug trip in real time, delving into the dreamlike surreal hallucinations of the subject. "Heroin" never quite distinguishing between what is real and what is only imagined by the character.
936 ::: The Gospel of Jesus's Wife (2012) ::: documentary ::: It was announced today that a team of scholars has confirmed that a fourth century codex written in the ancient Egyptian Coptic language refers to the wife of Jesus. This is the first reference to Jesus being married that has been found in an ancient text, and while it is not evidence of the historical Jesus, it suggests some early Christians believed Jesus had a wife. Dr. Karen King, the Hollis Professor of Divinity at Harvard Divinity School, unveiled her findings today at the Tenth International Congress of Coptic Studies in Rome.
937 ::: Champion (????/IV) ::: drama ::: Based on a true story, 'Champion' centers around Anthony Campione and his life growing up in an Italian family, in an Italian neighborhood, west of Chicago, where his darker skin was always explained away. In his early thirties, after years of personal struggle and living as a "dark-Italian", Anthony unearths the truth about where he comes from. Anthony states, "I woke up 'white' and went to bed 'black'." A phrase that Anthony can only find humor in after he has confronted racism, including his own, traveled the South to find his biological father and made peace with himself and his family. A compelling story about courage, the persistence to find truth and unconditional love. Heard on NPR's "This American Life" with Ira Glass.
938 ::: Celos (2006) ::: drama ::: Celos takes place in contemporary Los Angeles, where a young Mexican immigrant couple, Teresa and Gerardo are building a live together. Unexpectedly, they receive a phone call from Sebastian, a long time friend of Gerardo, who tells them he's coming to the US and needs a place to stay. They take him in, but over a brief period of time, the dynamics of their relationships change, creating jealousy conditions that spiral out of control. Gerardo is convinced that his young beautiful wife and his best friend are having an affair and becomes consumed with rage, and sets out on a rampage of revenge. In the end however, things are not what they seem.
939 ::: "Ziva Vrazka" (2016) ::: talk-show ::: "Ziva Vrazka" is a Morning and Night Show Simultaneously for the Bulgarian Community-a Morning Show in Bulgaria and Europe, and a Night Show in USA and Canada. The English Translation is "Live Connection"-the Idea is The Show to be a "live connection" between Bulgarians from All Over The World, and Those in Bulgaria. A dynamic Mix of News, Opinions, Comments about Popular Events, and Inspiring Stories-It is a Show about People who Search, Try, Build, and Succeed.
940 ::: Seeking Philip (1999) ::: short ::: The mentally handicapped boy Philip embarks on a journey in search of himself. He seems to grasp his goal in his own little cosmos, when having a close encounter with a lonely tree. However, soon the sober reality of our society catches up with him.
941 ::: The Heart Is a Rebel (1958) ::: drama ::: Hal and Joan Foster hire Gladys, a nurse caregiver, to look after their son who has a life threatening heart problem. Joan is invited to hear Gladys sing with her church choir at a Billy Graham Crusade inside Madison Square Garden. Conflict arises as Hal is confused about Joan's decision for Christ. Ethel Waters sings His Eye Is On The Sparrow and the spiritual Motherless Child.
942 ::: Autumn Leaves (1956) ::: drama ::: Millicent Wetherby is a middle-aged woman whose life is devoid of love and affection. Millicent's solitary existence changes when she encounters Burt Hansen a charismatic younger man. As Burt successfully woos her and wins her hand in marriage, rumors begin to surface that Millicent's newfound beau is in fact a deranged maniac. Things grow even more complicated for Millicent when a woman claiming to be Hansen's first wife shows up. As Burt begins to lose control of himself, Millicent ponders the most radical of actions against her husband.
943 ::: Get Thee Behind Me! (2005) ::: musical ::: Paster Ruford Royal is more like a hustler than a reverend. Between dealing with his pregnant mistress, avoiding loan sharks, and evading nosy chorus members, his life is getting increasingly out of control. Will he be able to weasel his way out of trouble? Or will his lies catch up with him? Find out in this rollicking contemporary musical.
944 ::: Parking Madness in New York: Galileo/Pro Sieben (2013) ::: reality-tv ::: We learn all about Big Apple parking pitfalls and tricks, as New York City personality and parking expert Eric Zaccar hits the streets in his convertible, in search of the perfect park. For those unwilling to brave the 'mean streets' of Manhattan, the latest cutting edge high tech parking garage is profiled.
945 ::: The Sugar Babies (2007) ::: documentary ::: "The Sugar Babies" examines the moral price of sugar --present and past -- from the perspective of the conditions surrounding the children of sugar cane cutters of Haitian ancestry in the Dominican Republic, and the continuing denial of their basic human rights. While exposing those who profit from human trafficking and exploitation, the feature length documentary film "The Sugar Babies: The Plight of the Children of Agricultural Workers in the Sugar Industry of the Dominican Republic" explores the lives of those who live in circumstances that can only be considered modern day slavery. Composed of field testimonies and hidden camera footage, the film also features interviews with Haiti's Ambassador to the United States, Ambassador Raymond Joseph, the U.S. Department of States' Ambassador John Miller from the Office of Human Trafficking, renowned anthropologist and sugar historian Sidney Mintz, Carol Pier from Human Rights Watch, Public Interest Attorneys Bill Quigley as well as Greg Schell, and a number of activists from the field including human rights lawyer Noemi Mendez, Colette Lespinase of G.A.R.R. Haiti [Organization for Refugees and the Repatriated] and missionaries Pierre Ruquoy and Father Christopher Hartley.
946 ::: High Strung (1991) ::: comedy ::: Thane Furrows, an extremely cynical but unintentionally hilarious children's book writer, wakes up one morning, and, since pretty much everyone and everything annoys him, begins another day of complaining to himself. However, the day proves to be much different than normal when Thane begins to recieve strange phone calls, letters, and voices in his head, all indicating that something will happen at 8 o'clock. As the day goes on, Thane rants and raves about the things that annoy him, as the clock slowly ticks closer and closer to his destiny
947 ::: Follow the Wind (????) ::: drama ::: Capt. Joe knows of a sunken treasure. A quiet man who hires out his boat and crew to a businessman for sightseeing with two ladies, his mate Alex and his dog. Plans change when they rescue a young girl, Missy. The adventure begins to find the treasure again.
948 ::: The Freedom Mile (????) ::: drama ::: Kevin is a small town outcast born on the wrong side of the tracks. His dad Troy is the city dump operator, a drunk that has been slapped with a restraining order by his wife Karen who lives in his house with the kids. Kevin's greater goal in life is to obtain higher education via a running scholarship in a town where hockey is the only sport that counts. Life is tough and his only income comes from helping his dad at the dump. Enter Phallen, a new student at his high school for whom Kevin falls head over heels. In order to get the girl and get out of town, he will have to overcome his dad, his town but more importantly himself.
949 ::: Public Enemies: The Golden Age of the Gangster Film (2008) ::: documentary ::: An exploration into the invention of the crime genre in storytelling and the impact it would have during the infant years of cinema. Early Hollywood stars and directors are examined through their contributions to film history and their creations influence on public society.
950 ::: "Deconstructing Dinner" (2013) ::: documentary ::: 6 Episodes: Eggs, Garlic, Wheat, Tomatoes, Honey and Pork. Food has fueled and propelled humans throughout our evolution. The story of food is our story. But, where we once enjoyed an intimate, tactile, nourishing and soulful relationship with food, we are now largely disconnected from it and oblivious to its source. Each episode delves into our relationship with a particular food (eggs, garlic, wheat, tomatoes, honey and pork), drawing on insights from farmers, scientists, backyard gardeners and award-winning chefs like Canadian Michael Stadtlander and Michael Anthony of New York's Gramercy Tavern. Along the way, we will tackle issues ranging from the impact of imported foods on local economies to the rise of backyard beekeeping, and will invite viewers to consider the benefits of moving beyond our reliance on the supermarket for everyday staples.
951 ::: Care About Us (2016) ::: documentary ::: What does it really mean to be homeless? How does it really feel to have no place to call home? What are we doing about the situation? What can we learn from each other? "Care About Us" is a feature length documentary that gives you, the audience a chance to explore these questions and more through the real life accounts of individuals facing the reality of homelessness in 11 different countries around the globe today.
952 ::: The Wayward Bus (1957) ::: drama ::: Joan Collins, Jayne Mansfield and Dan Dailey star in this engaging drama based on a novel by John Steinbeck. Three strangers - a stripper (Mansfield), an alcoholic wife (Collins) and a traveling salesman (Dailey) - embark on a life-changing journey on a fateful bus ride. As the road presents challenges, each character faces his or her own shortcomings, not knowing where life will lead next.
953 ::: Celebrity Crush (2017) ::: thriller ::: When the B horror movie CHAIN-FACE CLOWN was released in 1985, no one knew the film would one day become a classic, heralded as a cinematic tour de force - Well, at least by a select group of horror movie fans. The film's biggest fan, 29 year-old EMILY LYNESSA always knew she was going to meet and fall in love with JONATHAN BLAKLEE, mid 40s, the star of CHAIN-FACE CLOWN. For Emily, Jonathan is the perfect soulmate; no other male compares to him. She has idolized him and the film ever since she can remember. Emily has collection of CHAIN-FACE CLOWN memorabilia that would impress even the most ardent fan. But, there is one item she has yet to attain - The real life, breathing Jonathan Blaklee. There's only one problem -- Emily knows Jonathan will have no interest in her because he's famous and she's not. Her plan is simple: Meet Jonathan at an up-coming signing for the DVD re-release of CHAIN-FACE CLOWN, and then seduce him. She will lure him back to her home where Jonathan will be imprisoned inside her home until he realizes Emily is the one for him. She puts her plan into action - Emily successfully lures Jonathan back to her pad. After a night of debauchery, Jonathan awakes -- he is now imprisoned in an abandoned shed on the rural farm's property. Jonathan must now find a way to escape or forever be the ultimate addition to Emily's CHAIN-FACE CLOWN memorabilia collection.
954 ::: El laberinto marroquí (2007) ::: documentary ::: This documentary deals with a corner of history which until now scarcely has been illuminated. Drawing on first-hand sources as well as the latest research on this area, it thus establishes new information on the Moroccan role in the Spanish Civil War and follows the personal trajectories of some of the remaining survivors.
955 ::: The Village Girl (2014) ::: drama ::: A model or a filmmaker dream of a reddish girl. Recorded her life bitterness and dirty. Her fall, her last resort. Han Linger, was originally living in the mountains of a beautiful and kind girl, but because the father of the family experience, so that she early to withdraw from school, took the burden of the family, in order to make money to support their families, bells set foot on the city train Defected a cousin mixed in the big city for many years, when the bell into the metropolis of the moment, it is doomed her extraordinary life.
956 ::: tHERE (2011) ::: documentary ::: "tHERE" is a place and many places. A conversation that is not intended to resolve, but to recognize the place of the non-place. A journey through physical and human landscapes, constructing a panorama from places that exist geographically, in time, in memory, and in longing. The directors set out for a journey with lots of questions, " - would you go back to your country?"
957 ::: CainAbel (2017) ::: drama ::: There is good and evil in every family. A generation that commits the ultimate sacrifices to protect their family from destruction can curse and doom present and future generations. If brothers united to rebuild the family, no more blood is shed for forgiveness. The blood of a brother should never fall into another brother's hands. Brotherhood must not be broken. Am I my brothers keeper?
958 ::: Quiet Desperation (2003) ::: short ::: Clyde Calloway was faced with the decision of last resort. The choice he made led him into a sordid world of desperate souls, dirty money, and deep secrets. Now -- his last day on the job, his last day before becoming a free man -- everything he chose to leave behind is about to catch up.
959 ::: What You Really Need to Know About... Strokes (1996) ::: documentary ::: A medical information film, covering: nature of stroke; cause; warning signs; what happens during a stroke; diagnosis; treatment - acute and rehabilitation; reducing risk of having another stroke; sources of information. Intended for patients.
960 ::: Nangjahan (1974) ::: horror ::: After succeeding the throne, King Kim Han-Jik entrusts his children to his faithful servant Lee Kang-Hak. Suddenly he commits suicide and the newly appointed Lord of the town has evil plans for Kim's daughter, Suk-Young. But he's in more danger of being killed by her and Kang-Hak saves the Lord by killing her and all Kim's children. Then Kang-Hak himself becomes Lord of the town. Suk-Young's ghost begins torture Kang-Hak and villagers die every day until he is the only one left. When Kang-Hak is next to be killed, King Kim's ghost takes on the other ghosts. Kang-Hak awakens and erects tombstones to console all the ghosts.
961 ::: "Write On!" (1976) ::: comedy ::: In this educational series, we see the misadventures of Henry, a young reporter working in a small newspaper under a tyrannical editor and with a friendly secretary. For a professional journalist, his writing skills need a lot of coaching as his editor is quick to point out and is ready with lessons to help him improve. Fortunately, that office tends to get into the strangest situations that always helps him review his lessons, and more often he has daydreams where he is a dashing hero who has adventures that review his lessons.
962 ::: Bad Boy (2004) ::: documentary ::: Nathanial is in jail for gang related crime. His girlfriend Siian wants him to go straight when he gets out. Will he be able to intergrate into society or will his life disintergrate into a spiral of violence against his fellow gang members and his long suffering girlfriend? Longinotto's film raises troubling questions about our responsibilities as we watch and become involved in these teenagers' lives.
963 ::: A & C to S (2014) ::: documentary ::: As the modernisation of London Underground continues, long serving A-Stock and C-Stock trains have been withdrawn from service, and their differing characters will slowly become a memory. London Transport Museum commissioned Geoff Marshall to record the transition between old and new trains.
964 ::: Das Go! Projekt (1986) ::: sci-fi ::: Through his computer, a journalist senses a sensational story in which a white rat is the first bio-computer in the world to play a decisive role. His research confronts him with a network of intrigues and a world in which industrial pioneering is the order of the day. Future story with topics of gene manipulation and computer crime.
965 ::: Footy Chicks (2006) ::: documentary ::: The possibility of sex with a football player is a fantasy for many women and a reality for some. Footy Chicks explores the scene off the football field - a colorful world of sex, male bonding and the women who pursue them. It can be a fun, alluring and sometimes dangerous game
966 ::: David Hostetler: The Last Dance (2008) ::: documentary ::: After 80 years, world-renowned artist David Hostetler reflects on a life and career filled with more turns and curves than the women he has become so well-known for carving. Drawing on a wealth of never-before-see home movies and images from Hostetler's past, the film explores the roots of his talent and passions.
967 ::: Kanoon Kya Karega (1984) ::: thriller ::: Advocate Gautam Mehra lives in Bombay with his wife, Anju, and a daughter, Rakhsa. One day while returning from court he sees a woman being molested. He stops, phones the police, and then tries to stop the molester, in vain, though as himself gets attacked and loses consciousness. But the police do arrive and arrest the molester. Raghuvir's attempts to convince Gautam to change his testimony are in vain. Gautam goes on to testify against Raghuvir Singh, and gets him sentenced to seven years rigorous prison. Six years later, Raghuvir re-enters the lives of the Mehras, and he is not going to disappear until he has had his vengeance against all three. Efforts to stop him through the police are in vain, as he has not committed any crime yet. The Mehras decide to re-locate to their farm house near a lake without notifying anyone. While they are being re-located Gautam finds out that it is not just Raghuvir who is out for vengeance - there is someone other than him who wants them dead.
968 ::: Love Alive (2016) ::: thriller ::: Bhaarat wakes up in an empty world. Void of any companion, Bhaarat reminisces the story of his life. Living a freewheeling life with his best friend Champak, Bhaarat is the heir and grandson of industrialist Mrs. Desai. Bhaarat meets Kisha, both then become each other's first love. But Bhaarat struggles to prove his love to Kisha, who has a strong faith in the kingdom of stars.
969 ::: ReVisitant (????) ::: horror ::: A malevolent, murderous spirit infects the souls of living hosts, claiming new victims like an occult virus. A year ago, MAYA held her best friend in her arms as she lay dying, killed by this evil entity. But the diabolic Visitant didn't die with her friend - it lived on, in Maya. Now Maya accidentally passes the entity on to an unsuspecting neighbor, a single mother, LESLIE, with two teenage girls, AMANDA and SARAH. Almost immediately, the hair-raising paranormal attacks begin, first with Leslie. She then inadvertently passes the spirit on to her older daughter, Amanda, who is discovered speaking to the ghost in her sleep. But the horror escalates when the youngest daughter Sarah gets "infected" - she is so susceptible, she actually becomes an active host to the evil. Sarah is even driven to kill. Now Leslie and Amanda - with the help of Maya and Lee, another former host to this insidious phantom - fight to save Sarah and themselves before it's too late. As they band together to prepare for an unprecedented metaphysical battle, they discover more about the origin of the entity - which is the most terrifying thing of all.
970 ::: Los famosos (2009) ::: documentary ::: Seven years after the Argentine economic crisis of 2001, Buenos Aires is still reeling from the effects. Out of the turmoil, emerges a group known simply as the cartoneros, those who collect cardboard for a living. They reveal, through their own footage, the intricate relationship with the city of Buenos Aires. The constant movement of the city blurs as individuals emerge to relate their stories. In this job without rules, drugs, violence and sex permeate daily life. As cartoneros, Lidia, Ramon, and their children traverse socioeconomic boundaries nightly, confronting the questions of who is responsible for keeping the often-raucous cartonero youth in line and, ultimately, who determines the fate of this marginalized group.
971 ::: Spotless (2016) ::: documentary ::: The Contemporary Art World is immaculate, seemingly immune to the fluctuations of the global financial systems - the art market bubble only continues to swell. The news media fans the flames, reporting record auction prices, celebrity parties and unfathomable sums of currency exchanged, in what has become a truly global commodity market. Animator and director, Drew Lightfoot steps in front of the camera for the first time. In Spotless, Drew leans on his experience behind the lens to document his journey into the world of contemporary art. From animation for feature films for Tim Burton, music videos for global artists and campaigns for major advertising agencies, nothing has prepared Drew for what he is about to uncover in Spotless. Drew will travel with a film crew around the globe attending an international exhibit of 'Spot Paintings' by the UK's most successful living artist, Damien Hirst, and in the end, be rewarded with a 'Spot' print of his own. With a potential projected value of up to two hundred thousand dollars per print, the opportunity to visit eleven galleries across three continents and collect a piece of art has promise to not only pay for the entire adventure but also yield a profit. Along the way, we unveil the arbitrary, often ludicrous manner in which contemporary art is valued. With the simultaneous explosion of the worldwide Occupy movement, how is it that, in the midst of so much economic distress, a polka-dotted painting can sell for 3.4 million dollars? The shocking truths uncovered reveal a wildly unregulated market fueled by sophisticated promotion, insider chicanery, billionaire brinksmanship, and money laundering. In a world where the poor are getting poorer and the rich so much richer, Drew Lightfoot discovers precisely how the contemporary art world manufactures value - and it couldn't be further from spotless.
972 ::: Mason of the Mounted (1932) ::: western ::: Canadian Mountie Mason is sent south of the border to look for a horse thief with only a watch chain for evidence. He befriends young Andy and when Calhoun hits Andy, Mason and Calhoun fight. In the scuffle Calhoun's watch with the missing chain is dislodged. Mason then sets out to bring in Calhoun and his gang.
973 ::: Arrangiatevi (1959) ::: comedy ::: Roma, anni '50. Dopo la Seconda Guerra Mondiale c'č penuria di alloggi. Ciň ha costretto la coabitazione, in uno stesso appartamento, di due nuclei familiari: una famiglia di profughi istriani e la famiglia di Peppino Armentano, callista, che comprende, anche la moglie, il suocero, due figlie e due figli. Quando le condizioni cambiano, Peppino decide di cercarsi un altro alloggio. Conosce Pino Calamari, che gli offre un appartamento spazioso e comodo e ad un prezzo irrisorio. Peppino accetta l'offerta e si trasferisce con la famiglia nella nuova abitazione. L'ingresso dei nuovi inquilini provoca le risate di scherno dei vicini: l'appartamento era stato in precedenza una "casa chiusa", oggi abolite grazie alla Legge Merlin. Da questa situazione nascono numerosi equivoci, al punto da far pensare alla moglie di Peppino di lasciare l'appartamento. Alla fine, perň, tutto si aggiusta per il meglio.
974 ::: What's Wrong with Australian Films (2014) ::: documentary ::: Australia produced the world's first feature film with The Story of the Kelly Gang but today our film industry is struggling. Since the 1980s Australian films' total share of the local box office has fallen steadily from over 23% to below 4%. During this time the Australian Government's involvement in filmmaking has increased. Today the Government funds most local films, as well as locally produced Hollywood films. Yet in spite of the Government's growing involvement in filmmaking, and spending hundreds of millions on production, the box office slide has continued unabated-leading to concerns for the future viability of the industry. The question is, what's wrong with Australian films? And can Australia ever hope to reverse the slide and build a self-sufficient commercial film industry? One group of industry insiders and corporate executives believe it is possible. They have formed an initiative called Pure Independent Pictures, which is dedicated to supporting local independent filmmaking. They believe Australia can build a thriving independent film sector to rival the likes of Hollywood. But is it really possible? Join Amie Bransgrove as we hear from experts in economics, finance, marketing, and filmmaking on such questions as, is our economy large enough to make commercial films, can we ever compete with Hollywood, do we have enough scripts, does our accent work on-screen, and do Australian's really want to make films? This documentary will change the way you see Australian films.
975 ::: Johnny Famous (2000) ::: drama ::: The sweet, lyrical story of Johnny Miller, an immature man in his thirties. Johnny lives with his elderly mother in a small town in California. They have a modest life that goes by the same everyday: Johnny leaves to work every morning but his job doesn't exist. He walks on the beach all day long and pretends that he's one of the men from a colorful crowd in Venice Beach. His mother pampers her son's childlike innocent imagination. The harmony ends with the mother's deadly illness. The only solution for Johnny is an institute, but at his mother's dying request a young woman, Amy Jo, takes care of Johnny. Amy Jo gives hope to Johnny that he might be able to turn his dream world into reality.
976 ::: Hospital! (1997) ::: comedy ::: A "Naked Gun" type comedy from Britain, this one-off special was made specifically for the launch of Channel 5 in 1997, and was screened on the station's opening night. It deals with a young neurosurgeon trying to save a young man while dealing with a lusting co-worker, a money-obsessed administrator, the Elephant Man and the operation. He must hurry to meet his fiancée so they can start a new life in Australia. It's a twisted tale featuring several British celebrities such as Claire Raynor, Clive Anderson and Emma Thompson as The Elephant Woman.
977 ::: Lo sguardo dell'anima (2012) ::: documentary ::: Barbara, Cesare and Claudio have seen and heard them outside the body during traumatic events: due to cerebral malaria, from the bite of a rattlesnake, to be crushed by a ceiling that has collapsed. They remember having lived elsewhere for a period of time not measurable. What they saw and heard exactly? One thing is certain: they had a so-called near-death experience. Three witnesses like thousands of others that director Andrea Canetta collected between Switzerland, Mozambique and the United States and shows us in his documentary "The Glance of The Soul". Their stories are interwoven with writings, experiences and visions of famous people of our culture: the philosopher Plato, visionary artist Hieronymus Bosch, by the Swiss psychiatrist Carl Gustav Jung to Elisabeth Kübler-Ross, also her psychiatrist of Swiss origin who stands next to the dying is convinced that the existence of a life of the soul leaves the body and extends beyond the biological level. This belief leads her to spend time with Robert Monroe, radio entrepreneur who had spontaneous out-of-body experience without having lived any traumatic event specifically. The Monroe Institute in Faber, VA as he explains Andrea Canetta in "The Glance of The Soul" continues to teach the method used by its founder to be able to project his soul out-of-body state on a voluntary basis.
978 ::: Em Compasso de Espera (1969) ::: drama ::: Antunes Filho's Em Compasso de Espera is a film which promotes the idea of race equality by means of showing various struggles that the main hero has to go through. Black self awareness in Brazil triggered social conflicts that were a large part of the countries history. The film director wants to illustrate some of those conflicts through the prism of his characters.
979 ::: Princess of Rome (2015) ::: animation ::: It is 842. The years seem to be alike, as well people were accustomed to their living in Byzantium. Markets were crowded by sellers and buyers. Guard were bent at the city wall, and its notables have been delivering news of the parish for Tsar. Whereas his messengers were delivering the urgent news about Muslims movements, which was a bugbear for him, since the peace and calm that Byzantium have been blessed with centuries ago was being threatened and able to be vanished. Nevertheless, in Byzantium, children were working, and priest was desperate of the city and people way of living, so he had preached them and promised them with salvation after restating the verses of Gospel. And by the scenery, an old lady waiting the promised day. Inside the castle, the servants were preparing food and cleaning the rooms, halls and corridors. Tsar was at his daily morning walk accompanied by his guards who wait for any new order. But.. A single room in Tsar castle was different, his granddaughter "Mallika", who had been always worried. She was not sad for the earthquake that ruined her wedding ceremony, because her grandfather promised to reside a better and special one that Rome have not seen before. In spite of this, she was thinking about injustice and turmoil that people had been suffering from, and how she can help in achieving justice. Nothing can calm her down except prayer and crying, in addition to some dreams that take her to another world. But all the castle dwellers thought that her new wedding ceremony will make her feel better, the wedding that she had never liked and every time she thought about she felt worse. One day, Lady Mallika waked up happily, she had dreamed of a promising future. What was that dream? And how princess of Rome moved to slave market in Baghdad, and then to the house of Imam Ali Al-Hadi (peace be upon him) ? What are the events that lead to achieving the promised annunciation? And why the butterfly and the bat were following "Mallika"? It will be the events that the interesting movie "Princess of Rome" will reveal.
980 ::: The Braveheart of Sussex (????) ::: comedy ::: Successful Scottish business man, Ron, looses everything he owns within just 24hrs in the course of a hostile company takeover, - including his very attractive girlfriend. In his misery he remembers a claim to some land and an old barn in Sussex, he had never set foot on before. The village, however, has already very different plans for the long abandoned plot. The battle begins when Ron declares war upon the village
981 ::: Regi Andrej Tarkovskij (1988) ::: documentary ::: During the shooting of Andrei Tarkovsky's last film Offret, cameraman Arne Carlsson taped around 50 hours of behind the scenes footage. Editor Michal Leszczylowski took the material and added scenes of previous interviews and interesting statements from the script of Offret and from Tarkovsky's book 'Sculpting in Time'. The result is a documentary that shows the way Tarkovksy worked: carefully building each scene. Shows why he did the things he did: his vision on film. And shows the emotion of the man Tarkovsky: his great disappointment when the camera breaks while shooting the house going up in flames.
982 ::: "BlazBlue: Alter Memory" (2013) ::: animation ::: In the year 2199, humanity eagerly waits for the dawn of the new century, following the end of a series of devastating magic wars. When the world's most wanted man, Ragna the Bloodedge (also known as the Grim Reaper) make a move to destroy society, a group of ragtag fighters come together to stop him.
983 ::: The Peppermint Tree (2008) ::: drama ::: Jacob Lester spends his days lost in the world of comic books and his nights as a door to door delivery man for Hollywood's largest drug dealer. With his mother stricken with a painful illness, his father missing in action and his sister flirting with disaster, Jacob is convinced he can be like on of his favorite superheroes and save them all. Unfortunately, good intentions don't always bring good results. Drifting through the nighttime world of Los Angeles, Jacob discovers he's not the only one doing all the wrong things for all the right reasons. THE PEPPERMINT TREE gives us a glimpse into the life of a man trying desperately to give his life meaning. A story about how love can make us try just about anything in order to keep it.
984 ::: The Miner's Cabin (????) ::: horror ::: The Miner's Cabin is a new thriller/horror that is inspired by the true events of the coal miners who were trapped in the mines and died. The movie is about the five friends who were out on a tour of the coal mine. They rented a cabin which was once the home of a Coal Miner. During the tour, the group decided to slide in some of the valuables from the mine trench. After returning to the cabin, friends become increasingly disturbed with the noises and the presence of demons. After witnessing the gruesome demons possession of a friend, the friends were haunted by the catastrophic sequence of events.
985 ::: Doggie Boogie - Get Your Grrr On! (2011) ::: family ::: Doggie Boogie dances into the hearts of its family audience as they cheer for a devoted Bichon pup, Pijo, who helps his owner and her dog dancing uncle achieve their dreams. Cassie's wish to become a Vet is crushed by her mother, who has become a slave to the world of personal injury law and is forcing Cassie to follow in the family legacy. Peter Wolfe, her dog-dancing Uncle, dreams of winning a national dog dance championship but is blocked by his guilt over a tragic dance accident. Gertrude Spinner, a ten-time dog dance champion and keeper of the legendary Dog Dance Bible, will do anything to stop them. Supported by a colorful cast and enchanting dogs, Pijo uses the lessons of Barkananda ("healing bliss") to provide Cassie and Peter with a fresh start as they dance through life's twists and turns. He breathes life into everyone's dreams as he dances away with their hearts.
986 ::: Our Theatre: A 20th Anniversary Celebration of the Royal Players (2015) ::: documentary ::: Our Theatre documents the Royal Players as they embark on their 20th season. Housed in the historic Royal Theatre in Benton, AR, the Royal Players began as the Central Arkansas Community Players. For their anniversary season, they have restaged their first show, Our Town, for a new generation. Featuring interviews with cast and crew, founders and board members, the participants of the Royal Players discuss the importance of theater in their lives and in their community.
987 ::: Double saut (2011) ::: short ::: Do, a 12 year-old teenager, is living in an orphanage run by her parents. Ill-at-ease in this environment as well as in her body, she discharges her frustrations against another orphan whom she thinks is the cause of her misfortune. Only point of light for Do in this grim environment is Yona, a teenager boy whom she follows to the swimming pool to watch his diving training.
988 ::: Syria: Country at the Crossroad (2017) ::: documentary ::: The main theme of the film "Syria - the country at the crossroad" is portraying of the life on the territory under the control of the Syrian regime. Interviewing people, we try to see how the conflicted influenced life of the Syrian people.
989 ::: Law of the Texan (1938) ::: western ::: Ore shipments are being stolen and the Rangers send Buck and his men to guard the next shipment. When that is stolen also, Buck is kicked out of the Rangers. Crossing the border he joins the gang responsible for the robberies. But his dismissal is just a plan between him and the Captain so he can learn the identity of the gang leader known only as El Coyote.
990 ::: Speak to My Heart (2007) ::: short ::: This film portrays the art of spiritual miming, and how one young man explores his faith through this art form. Using interviews with practitioners, instructors, and performances, this film brings a unique and relatively obscure mode of expression into light.
991 ::: "Phonics School" (2015) ::: animation ::: The series follows the adventures of adorable Phonikers- the letters of the alphabet - as they learn to master their their natural powers. Phonikers are no ordinary letters. They all have the power to 'transformagix' into anything that begins with their sounds and change back by tracing their shapes. Phonikers are like any other children, most avoid trouble whilst some positively look for it! The series introduces preschooler to phonics - the primary method children are taught to read and write - in 16 fabulous episodes.
992 ::: La tumultueuse vie d'un déflaté (2009) ::: documentary ::: The film portrays the hectic life of the "Great Z", an engine driver of the Abidjan-Ouagadougou line for 20 years, laid off in 1995 by the National Railways of Burkina Faso following the privatization imposed by the World Bank. To the sound of his own particular language, of his harsh and tormented words describing his past and present misfortune, his hate and his hope. An inveterate hedonist to the bone, he suddenly found himself struck down as he was experiencing pure joyfulness. He lost everything, and has since then lived a gloomy life waiting for his retirement pension.
993 ::: My Life as an Underdog (2006) ::: documentary ::: My Life as an Underdog is a story of Suzanne Muldowney, her art and her dream. Spanning over a course of seven years this film follows one strangely fascinating person's struggle to find the true meaning of life. Terrified by the possibility that she would die in anonymity she takes her costumes, dance and ideas on the road. Her story lends perspective to the unlimited potential in people of differing abilities and ultimately tells a tale about the resilience of the human spirit. Intimate interviews with Suzanne and people who know her, her performances and childhood memories are woven into a tapestry that creates frank, open and honest portrait of a real person.
994 ::: Masterclass (2009) ::: documentary ::: Walter Lassally, master cinematographer of 100 famous movies, including Zorba the Greek, for which he won an Oscar, meets W. Lambert Scot Gardiner, a university professor of communications and psychology. They have a conversation that becomes a master class in their respective fields while lunching in a seaside cafe in Greece. They let us into their trade secrets, but also reveal aspects of their personalities and their passion for cinema and for life. The cinematic experience they provide is like a private and privileged visit with two highly accomplished professionals in their golden years.
995 ::: Somyeong (1984) ::: drama ::: Based on the short life of Lee Byeok who was born the son of a general in 1754. He converted to Catholicism and attempted to spread the faith with the help of missionaries from China. King Yong-jo brought an end to this with the extermination of Catholics in Korea, martyring Lee Byeok in 1785
996 ::: Dangerous Orphans (1985) ::: action ::: Harry, Moir and Rossi were like the three musketeers when at the orphanage; now adults, their partnership continues as they pull off the occasional heist together.
997 ::: Counting Backwards (2007) ::: romance ::: For some, the lives we have are not always the lives we wanted. For Joe, a small time guy from the small time town of Sandwich, Illinois, his has not even come close - until now. Faced with death and having recently met the girl of his dreams, Claire, Joe has to find a way to live the life of passion he'd always wanted, and he has to do it fast. Journey with Joe towards the great beyond, not half as imaginative as the path he's finally forged here on Earth. Ride with him as he's forced to figure out the meaning of life that he won't have time to live. With the help of his best friend, Frank, and his brilliant, if not terrified mother, Sarah, Joe will finally learn to live, love, and explore beyond his wildest dreams. And we'll get to watch one man's journey unfold, from the first day of the rest of his life on.
998 ::: Bubble Gum (2011/II) ::: drama ::: Jamshedpur-based Vedant Rawat lives a middle-classed lifestyle with his parents, Mukund and Sudha; and an elder deaf-mute brother, Vidhur, who is enrolled in a Delhi-based hostel - in an era before mobile phones, Internet and Facebook. He has a crush on Jenny, who studies in Sacred Heart Convent School, and lives a wealthy lifestyle with her father, who is a senior police officer, mother and a younger brother. He meets on the sly with her and both share bubble gum. Vedant will soon face challenges when Vidhur comes to visit for Holi and he will be required to spend more time with him then with Jenny; while a fellow-student, Ratan Singh Chauhan, is determined to woo and win Jenny's affections at any and all costs. Things get complicated even more after a disturbed Vedant damages Vidhur's hearing aid, and starts stealing in order to get even with Ratan.
999 ::: The Hammer of Mara: Mephisto's Wrath (2015) ::: action ::: Following the events of The Hammer of Mara, Mara continues using Mjolnir to help protect the world. But when Mara becomes too over-confident with herself, she loses the ability to lift her hammer, giving Mephisto the opportunity to continue his attack on Earth. With only Trevor being able to fight off Mephisto's wrath, Mara must return to protect the world once again.
1000 ::: Pomroy's People (1973) ::: drama ::: When the teacher of school kids the small town of Blue Creek, Kentucky, dies suddenly, the mostly black children have to be bused to a distance school of mostly white kids, Pomroy must find somebody to teach the kids temporarily until a new person can be hired.
1001 ::: Missionaries Mansion (2013) ::: short ::: When the latest group of young adults come to Nashville,TN after a year in Costa Rica, they are thrilled at the big city life just miles away from their old plantation home. While living in the old home, some mid-dream encounters occur. After a few nights of this, the girls talk over breakfast and realize that it may not be dreams at all, as the same young girl and dark figure appear at both bedsides. As they begin to ask questions to small town locals, they learn the dark history of the home and the effects it had on the previous mission workers that passed though the same cycle. Lily is not as tormented by the story and as the houses attempts to control her, the story reveals why she is the one to watch.
1002 ::: The Sanctuary (????/III) ::: thriller ::: During the height of the Cold War, the United States and India conspire to spy on China's nuclear detonations by installing a listening device at 25,000 feet on the mountain, Nanda Devi, in India. The nuclear-powered device disappears into the ice, threatening the very existence of the country of India.
1003 ::: Personne avant toi (1999) ::: short ::: With woman after woman, sitting in the same café, a Casanova delivers his romantic, hyperbolic pick-up lines. The women listen in rapture. While one of his dates goes to the powder room, he even chats up an interesting-looking woman at a nearby table who has smiled at him. Her response, however, leaves him speechless. Has he met his match?
1004 ::: Rush Call (2012) ::: comedy ::: The newest comedy series that portrays the lifestyle of rising actors that get sucked into "background extra" work to get behind the scenes. Literally. Three strangers meet on a film set. They have one destination. Friendship develops. Personalities clash. The transition from extras to starring actors builds with momentum. Or does it? You have MO, a cranky and sarcastic Middle Eastern who looks like a Puerto-Rican. TONY is an airhead and overly confident Guido, who has a slight drinking problem. Lastly, you have the comical and ridiculous Black dude who happens to be the Rookie of the three, DEVON. You've seen Entourage. Now, you will see the REALITY of what Actors struggle through to make their dreams happen. The highs and lows of the entertainment industry are enough to make you laugh and cry at the same time. "RUSH CALL for extras... ARE YOU AVAILABLE TODAY?"
1005 ::: Johnny Logan Live at Zadar (1990) ::: music ::: During the official intermission of the Yugoslav Eurosong contest, the special guest star was Johny Logan, the three times winner of the famous Eurovision Song Contest. In a bravura performance Johny Logan sings his greatest hits, as well as a skillfully chosen medley of Motown greats.
1006 ::: Yabba Yabba Ding Ding (1999) ::: short ::: Orange is painting a wall with orange paint, when he notices blue paint on the wall, which means one thing: his rival, Blue, is there. When the two see each other, a battle commences between the two, until the both notice what the have created.
1007 ::: Ayodhya: The Disputed Site (2006) ::: documentary ::: Documents the exciting journey of filmmaker Sunil Brij Bhan, and his effort to uncover the truth behind "The Disputed Site." Brij Bhan hopes to ultimately gain some semblance of the true nature of the Hindu/Muslim problem, and ultimately provide some guidance towards a resolution. However, the filmmaker's investigation into the nebulous world of India politics seems to expose more confusion than fact, more chaos than conclusion. Ayodhya: The Disputed Site: Is a true story of pride and prejudice. Religious conflict has instigated much of our world's violence throughout history, and, even today, continues to be a very real, global problem. The division between Hindu and Muslim is age-old in India. Two world religions, both existing for the good of mankind, have consistently worked to undermine the other through political maneuvering. The ongoing religious struggle between Hindu and Muslim continues to deepen the divide that separates the people of India. Hindus and Muslims have been fighting in India for over 50 years for ownership of "The Disputed Site," an 80x40 acre parcel of land that serves as a concrete representation of the bloody conflict that continues to gain momentum with no end in sight. To Hindus, it was the birthplace of their god. To Muslims, it is a site that once honored their great leader. To both, it is a matter of principle and neither side is willing to compromise.
1008 ::: Law of the Plains (1938) ::: western ::: Rancher William Norton (Edward LeSaint) refuses to sell his cattle for half price, so saloon owner and gang leader Jim Fletcher (Dick Curtis), contrary to the orders from his secret boss Willard McGowan (Robert Warwick), the town banker, has his men rob and beat up Norton. Unknown to anyone, Marion (Iris Meredith), McGowan's adopted daughter is really the daughter of Norton, who disappeared as a young baby when she and her mother were passengers on a stagecoach held up by McGowan. Chuck Saunders (Charles Starrett), Norton's foreman, goes after the gang for robbing his boss and eventually uncovers the truth regarding Marion's heritage. In addition to Bob Nolan,"Sons of the Pioneers" Tim Spencer, Lloyd Perryman, Pat Brady, Hugh and Karl Farr are along as Norton ranch hands, and the uncredited Blackie Whiteford and Ernie Adams also appear.
1009 ::: "Everyday Spooky" (2015) ::: comedy ::: It's another crazy day in Garytown. Nicole is being pestered by a pesky little entity and it's up to the rest of the group to save her. Oh! And there's some sexy time too. If you spot the oops moment then you watched the whole thing. Good for you.
1010 ::: Hamare Tumhare (1979) ::: family ::: Widower Jairaj Verma lives with his four sons in a small apartment. Three of his sons are in their teens, while his youngest son is around 12 years. On the other hand there is Maya Sinha, a widow, who also lives in a small apartment with three children, two sons and a daughter, Komal, who is about to get married. Then rumors spread abound that Maya and Jairaj are having an affair, and this adversely affects Komal's marriage, leaving her angry and confused. Jairaj and Maya's attempts to pacify their respective children that they are husband and wife, is of no avail, as they are convinced that Maya and Jairaj are having an illicit affair. The only solution to end this dilemma is for Jairaj and Maya to get married, and live together as a family, but will their children and the community accept them as husband and wife?
1011 ::: SteelPan Now! (2017) ::: documentary ::: SteelPan Now. will explore and highlight the development of this unique instrument from its cutting, shaping, tuning, and orchestrating of the magical sounds it creates whether found on the streets during the Carnival parades, in concert halls, or jazz ensembles. Along the way we highlight organizations that are developing new talent and working with youth from various backgrounds and cultures. We will learn about the e-pan, an incredible innovation that can be described as the electronic sister to the steelpan and which has the capability to create the sounds of many pans from one, and of the work of one of its long standing pioneers currently spreading steelpan's gospel in the university setting.
1012 ::: The Last Time (2017/II) ::: drama ::: The Last Time is an interwoven tale of multiple addicts who face their addictions in one night. Each addict has their own story to tell and their own demons to face. The addicts are visited by addiction personified as a Man in Black or a Woman in Black. This film will show that regardless of your stance on addiction being a disease or a choice - at the end it is simply a struggle and everyone has one.
1013 ::: James Herriot's Yorkshire (1993) ::: documentary ::: Filmed in super 16mm widescreen format JAMES HERRIOT'S YORKSHIRE features the breathtaking scenery of Wensleydale, Swaledale, Coverdale, Thirsk, Sutton Bank, Captain Cook country, Scarborough, Robin Hood's Bay, York and Harrogate as well as featuring the people and animals so often associated with Herriot's novels. " Over the years I have received literally thousands of letters from readers of my books from all over the world. The same phrase has recurred; I wish I could see the places you write about - if this film can reach those people then it will give them a glimpse of the countryside where I have found so many of the good things of life. The scenes and photography are exquisite and Chris's commentary and appearance superb. The film was a constant joy to watch
1014 ::: Sameer (2017) ::: drama ::: After a series of bomb blasts in Hyderabad a special ATS team lead by officer Desai name Yasin Darji as the suspect. Following a tip-off the team reaches a location to arrest Yasin only to end up arresting Sameer, the wrong guy. While the error needs to be fixed, the higher authorities decide to bargain with Sameer for his freedom, sending him as a mole. Sameer turns a mole to stop Yasin Darji before he kills more innocent people. A chase begins. Will they manage to stop Yasin, or will Yasin trump?
1015 ::: Indeks (1981) ::: drama ::: The story begins in March of 1968, the days of students protests. A hot- headed student protests the Dean's decision to expell a fellow student on fake accusation charges, upon which he drops out of university rather than make a compromise. He loses everything in the process: his girlfriend, housing privileges - he becomes a coal deliverer. On the job he witnesses an accident that causes death of a fellow worker. He decides to write a story, which is good and a publishing house wants to print it, but only after some corrections are made. He refuses again and the story is not printed. Finally, a story is commercialized and made into a succesful film and brings fame to the original author.
1016 ::: Zucchero, miele e peperoncino (1980) ::: comedy ::: Three episodes. First Valerio is mistaken for a notorious criminal. Very beautiful journalists succeed to bring him to her house for an exclusive interview. She tries to seduce him. Second. Guiseppe, an unlucky and ugly man, gets a job as a maid. His mistress falls in love for him. Third. Plinio is a taxi driver who loves his cab above all. But at one point he is involved with the kidnapping of a woman.
1017 ::: El Callejón de los Milagros (1995) ::: drama ::: Based on the Nobel Prize Winner's novel, the Egyptian Naguib Mahfouz. The story, translated from El Cairo to Mexico City's downtown, narrates the life of the members of the neighbourhood and the connection between them Don Ru, the owner of the local pub; Eusebia, his wife; Chava, his son and Abel his friend, who emigrate to USA in search of fortune; Susanita, the single landtender always dreaming to marry a good man; Guicho, the pub's employee, who extracts the money when Don Ru is not there and finally marries Susanita; Alma, the very good looking girl, the Abel's dream, who becomes a luxury prostitute while he's away; Jimmy, the handsome young man Don Ru becomes infatuated with, etc. This movie won the Ariel (the Mexican Oscar) as best movie in 1995. The lives of the inhabitants of El Callejon de los Milagros, in downtown Mexico City, are closely knitted as the threads of a rug. Fifty-something Don Ru (Gomez Cruz) owns a small "cantina" where all the men spend afternoons playing domino. He's tired of his longtime marriage with Eusebia (Casanova) and has recently discovered new feelings inside his heart. It doesn't matter if these feelings are not aimed to a young lady but to a young clerk (Soberanes): after all, as one of the characters says, "it's platonic love". Don Ru's son Chava (Bernal) doesn't like what he sees and almost kills his father's lover. Running away from Don Ru's anger, Chava escapes to the USA with his friend Abel (Bichir) who's deeply in love with beautiful Alma (Hayek), the daughter of Dona Cata (Rojo), a tarot reader with bad luck in love. Susanita (Sanz), the ugly landlady looking for love; Guicho (Tovar), Don Ru's cinic employee, Maru (Scanda), Don Fidel (Obregon), Dona Flor (Morett), Zacarias (Woolrich) and mean Jose Luis (Gimenez Cacho) complete the cast of characters of this complex portrait of lives.
1018 ::: "Framed" (2007) ::: documentary ::: Everyone has a story. What matters is who tells it. Framed tells the unique stories of some of today's top athletes from the perspective of some of Hollywood's hottest stars. One world class athlete and one celebrity entertainer are documented and filmed as the two embark on a journey to create a short film in just two days.
1019 ::: False Colors (1943) ::: western ::: Before he was killed by Mark Foster's men, Bud Lawton willed part ownership in his ranch to Hoppy and his two pals. When the three arrive they find a fake posing as Lawton. When they expose the imposter, Foster gets the Sheriff to jail them for Lawton's murder. Bud Lawton, one of the Bar 20 cowboys, asks Hoppy to let him stay on at the ranch for room and board. Bud ran away from home when he was young after an argument with his father and has been a rootless drifter ever since. He has grown to consider the ranch as his home and Hoppy as a father figure. After he receives a letter telling him his real father has died and he is the majority heir to his sprawling ranch, he is murdered by two hired killers. Traveling to Bud's hometown, Hoppy, California, and Jimmy find that Kit Moyer, a Bud lookalike, is impersonating the dead man in order to sell the ranch to crooked townsman Mark Foster over his "sister's" objections. When Hoppy and his friends expose the plot, they are arrested by the town's corrupt sheriff and falsely accused of Bud's murder.
1020 ::: Histoire de Pen (2002) ::: drama ::: At the age of nineteen, Claude lands himself in a maximum security penitentiary. His strong will and good looks immediately land him in trouble with Tarzan, the leader of a ruthless prison gang. Claud's talents as a fighter squash Tarzan's brutal advances, but at a high price. Now his life is in danger. Zi zi, a rival gang leader, notices Claude's potential and offers him protection. But in return, Claude must stand up to members of the Tarzan gang in organised fights for control of prison territory. As the battle intensifies, and the fights become more brutal and dangerous, Claude senses himself sinking deeply into Zizi's clutches. In desperation, he appeals to The Phantom, a twenty - year veteran of the penitentiary. But when a horrifying experience experience shakes Claude to the core, will he listen to the Phantom and resist the call for vengeance? # That's what's on the back of the DVD cover, I think the film must have been a B movie, the acting is bad, the fight sequences are poor and the plot is gruesome and sick! Hardly a Van Damme prison film!
1021 ::: Firsthand: Encounter (2009) ::: action ::: An assassin (Gage) and his would-be target (Chapel) form an unlikely alliance against a corrupt corporation named First Hand International (FHI). Above the law and beyond political scrutiny, Gage's and Chapel's exploits take them deep into the city's underground before they themselves become victims. Only one question remains: Who will kill who first?
1022 ::: People's Britain (2001) ::: short ::: Last night Tony Blair offered a seat on the cabinet to a member of the general public. We ask ten wannabes what they would do for the country if picked. Contestants include. 1. The Nonce 2. Maureen Groves 3. Pushy Mum and Philip 4. The Guardian Reader 5. Nasty Cab Controller 6. Rufus the upper crusty 7. Tom and Tina Tanner 8. Token Ethnic Minority 9. Divorced Barbara 10. The Ghost Of Oliver Reed The audience could vote for their people's minister on-line.
1023 ::: "Aidan Park: On the F List" (2015) ::: comedy ::: Aidan Park is comic and stand up comedian in Los Angeles. But unfortunately NO ONE CARES. Because he is not famous. After realizing that you are nothing in Hollywood without name recognition and fame, Aidan Park will pull out all stops to make sure he claws and scratches his way out from the F-List up to at least a level of a D-! From spinning signs on the street, begging like a homeless man, taking part in Baby Fetish Wrestling (?!) and other acts of desperation, Aidan is determined to take Hollywood by storm.
1024 ::: Vanille fraise (1989) ::: comedy ::: Ancienne espionne ayant arręté depuis 10 ans, Clarisse vit une vie tranquille. Tout irait pour le mieux si son mari, Antoine, ne la trompait pas réguličrement tout en étant terriblement jaloux. Un jour, elle accepte une proposition de son ex-supérieur de rempiler le temps d'une mission ŕ Capri. Lŕ sous le nom de code "Fraise", elle se fait passer pour l'épouse de "Vanille", un agent noir. Tous deux doivent faire sauter un navire transportant des missiles pour le compte d'une organisation terroriste. Mais le mari de Clarisse, jaloux, est lŕ lui aussi et ignore tous de leur mission.
1025 ::: Containment (2013) ::: action ::: When civil unrest throws a small city into chaos, the best of the best are called in to contain the problem... your S.W.A.T. team! You rely on the police dispatcher and visual cues to guide you through the dangerous maze of city and industrial settings. It is your mission to keep things contained, and reduce the number of casualties as you enter residential areas. As you progress through the game you will have access to powerful gear, gain assistance from your team, and use the enemy's own weapons against them!
1026 ::: Ocean Aquarium (2008) ::: documentary ::: Ocean Aquarium is comprised entirely of aquarium-style "lockdown" shots, filmed on location in Papua New Guinea with special footage from Bonaire and Fiji. Enjoy the breathtaking "top side" images captured just above the water, and experience a unique perspective. Ocean Aquarium was captured in High-Definition by Emmy Award winner Anthony S. Lenzo, one of the world's foremost underwater videographers and producer of HDScape's "Visions of the Sea: Explorations".
1027 ::: Sans abris (2016) ::: short ::: An investigative reporter on duty has to make a documentary on homelessness. He only has a week for that purpose. In his quest of the matter he makes an encounter with a young female homeless named Sandrine. And what if this investigation changes his life? Turns between reason and emotions what next?
1028 ::: A Sidewalk Astronomer (2005) ::: documentary ::: John Dobson, an 89 year old with a white ponytail and knack for comedy, is the inventor of the Dobsonian telescope mount, which revolutionized astronomy by making large, inexpensive telescopes and deep space observing available to amateur astronomers around the world. A former Vedantan monk, he is a co-founder of Sidewalk Astronomers, an organization that encourages amateurs to share their telescopes and knowledge with the public. The film follows John as he tours the country, giving cosmology, astronomy, and telescope-making classes and features sequences on the Moon, sun, planets, galaxies, Big Bang Theory, and the nature of time and space. Illustrating our journey is actual footage and deep space photography shot from satellites, spacecraft, and the Hubble telescope Space-Telescope Institute.
1029 ::: Free to Ride (2016) ::: documentary ::: Free To Ride is the story of the relentless spirit of community leaders from across Dayton, Ohio who overcame a suburban contingent fearfully opposed to the expansion of public transit along a commercial corridor, and the system of checks and balances that allowed justice and reason to prevail. This modern-day Civil Rights saga began in 2009 when community members in Dayton, Ohio became aware of the dangerous journey faced by bus riders walking from the last stop to get across a busy interstate overpass in order to make it to their workplace, shopping, medical, and educational destinations along Pentagon Boulevard in the suburban community of Beavercreek. After the local transit authority had worked for nearly a year with Beavercreek's public works staff to develop a plan to add 3 new stops to the end of the route, the process was stymied by concerned members of City Council and vocal residents. In the wake of City Council's vote to reject the application, an Ohio legal aid group filed a complaint on behalf of the organized community members who supported the new bus stops, kicking off a two year investigation by the Federal Highway Administration and a series of policy and publicity battles. As racial tension swells in the wake of controversial incidences between law enforcement and young black men, Free To Ride is a promising story about how hard work, collaboration, and the accountability systems can yield fair and just outcomes for all.
1030 ::: Hamlet (2015/I) ::: drama ::: Shakespeare's most iconic work, "Hamlet" explodes with big ideas and is the ultimate story of loyalty, love, betrayal, murder and madness. Hamlet's father is dead and Denmark has crowned Hamlet's uncle the new king. Consumed by grief, Hamlet struggles to exact revenge, with devastating consequences.
1031 ::: Behind the Camera: The Unauthorized Story of 'Diff'rent Strokes' (2006) ::: drama ::: As NBC's hit sitcom "Diff'rent Strokes" proves a long-running hit for a network desperately in need of one, its young stars: Gary Coleman, Todd Bridges, and Dana Plato face all sorts of trouble off-camera. Gary battles with his parents over the management of his salary, Todd runs into trouble with the law countless times, and Dana's career after the show meets with despair and tragedy.
1032 ::: Crack Willow (2008) ::: drama ::: An affectionate portrait of one man's struggle with death and loneliness. After the passing of his father Mark Walker embarks upon a nihilistic journey which, eventually leads him to confront his pain and loss. Crack Willow is an exploration of emotions captured through the use of vivid, powerful and imaginative imagery, a compelling and evocative film that treads new ground.
1033 ::: Doctor Love (2011) ::: romance ::: Vinayachandran is busy trying every trick of the trade to make both ends meet. He writes and publishes bland love stories that he sells off for a cheap price. One day, he meets a Professor, who mistakes him to be an expert in resolving issues of love. And within no time, Vinayachandran, who follows him to college, get known in the campus as Dr. Love.
1034 ::: Before Purgatory (2011) ::: drama ::: The age old question, life after death, presents itself in this never before seen narrative led by an intriguing cast of talent. Upon your day of death, the decisions that have been made thus far reveal not only character, but an internal stalemate of your soul. Synced with treachery, insanity, drug addiction and paranoia. This is a must see.
1035 ::: Poselství Jana Palacha (2009) ::: documentary ::: On the 16th of January 2009 it will be 40 years from the self-burning of Jan Palach. He has committed this act in protest against the progressing lethargy and pusillanimity of the Czechoslovak nation following the occupation of Czechoslovakia in the 1968.
1036 ::: The Magnificent Pigtail Shadow (2012) ::: short ::: A film to obliterate the illusions that distract from a real life. The Pigtail Shadow is a false idol, a false prophet promising a jeweled path out of reality. Teeming with music, words and imagery, this film induces a meditative and blissful state. The sweet and nimble reading by Kristin Hersh places an ethereal tone over a lush and swirling soundtrack. Cerio gently dismantles the collective subconscious and thoroughly mocks the human drama. Moments shift between the candied ecstasy of childhood and a teasing cynicism. Spotlights shine on our shifting superstitions in this cautionary tale.
1037 ::: Jordan Clark: Machine in Girls Jeans (2017) ::: documentary ::: In 2015 Jordan Clark announced himself on the world stage of scootering and sent shock-waves through the sport as he transitioned from amateur rider to World Champion in the space of a few months, trouncing his opposition in the finals with a show of athletic brilliance never before seen in the sport. The film looks back to where it all began for Jordan, as a child who was always confident in his own abilities, but who had a desire to continually push himself and exceed expectations.
1038 ::: "Are You Normal, America?" (2012) ::: game-show ::: New game show that will help viewers figure out how normal (or not) they are! Have you ever peeked at your boyfriend's emails? Or done your household chores naked? Do you and your spouse sleep in separate bedrooms? In addition to ourselves, we also wonder about the people around us: boyfriends, girlfriends, co-workers and neighbors. This lively game show will answer our most burning questions by using a highly scientific and deeply revealing poll, in addition to a jury of real Americans, man-on-the-street polling, real life situations shot in the field and in-studio demonstrations. Each episode will feature contestants who will win big money in their quest to learn if they're normal or not.
1039 ::: L'arbre dans la clémentine (2011) ::: short ::: Quentin, a young French student in Montreal, has a magical encounter with Aurora, a young Brazilian bohemian musician. He who feels trapped in studies that he does not like is seduced and bewitched by her sense of freedom. Their brief romance will change him forever.
1040 ::: Peaceful Exit (1995) ::: documentary ::: Anyone who has watched one in pain will know the agonising plight and moral dilema of Jim and Bronwyn Stewart. Severe brain damage has left their 2-year-old son Ian in a living hell: he can barely see, is almost deaf, has fits and is in constant pain. Doctors can do nothing for him and his prognosis is 5 years maximum. Jim and Bronwyn care for him night and day, but they would like to end their child's suffering humanely - by lethal injection. But in Britain, euthanasia is illegal.
1041 ::: Storm (1999) ::: thriller ::: On August 23, 1992, a black-ops research program led by General Roberts perfected a device to control the weather. It was launched from a specially outfitted plane and tested for the first time. But control of the machine was lost, and within hours a deadly hurricane had formed. It became the greatest natural disaster since the San Francisco Earthquake - Hurricane Andrew. In the wake of this catastrophe, all evidence of the program was buried. Seven years later, General Roberts has revived the top-secret project. He recruits ambitious meteorologist Ron Young, who has developed software that directs weather systems. The STORM device, now equipped with this software, has been launched into a weather front 300 miles off the California coast. Moments after the device has whipped the storm into a full-blown hurricane, Roberts orders it targeted at Mexico. The storm has grown in power to a super-hurricane, with wind speeds exceeding 400 miles per hour. A struggle on board the plane ensues, causing the deadly hurricane to head straight for Los Angeles. Young, who goes up in another C-123, has less than 3 hours to fly directly into the eye of this super hurricane and regain control of the STORM device. However, there are saboteurs on board. A battle at 20,000 feet above the Pacific Ocean is taking place while the city of Los Angeles awaits the coming siege.
1042 ::: The Mourner (2018) ::: drama ::: Michael travels across the country mourning strangers' deaths. On his journey, Michael meets a woman who has recently been released from prison and a cop who has lost his partner. While his rituals seem strange to them at first, he teaches them the value of mourning their own losses.
1043 ::: My Shakespeare (2004) ::: documentary ::: Paterson was born and raised in the rough area of Harlesden, London and, since becoming an actor, has decided to return to his streets with the message of Shakespeare. Setting himself a target of four weeks to cast, rehearse and direct a West End production of Romeo & Juliet, Paterson plans to show the world that Harlesden is not what people assume and prove that Shakespeare can be brought to any place, any people and any time by using a cast of all first time actors. In the background director Baz Luhrmann looks on and offers Paterson advice on how to bring Shakespeare alive for modern actors and audiences.
1044 ::: Thakiduthatham (2016) ::: thriller ::: An orphan guy goes for some maintenance work in an apartment. He get acquinted with a married lady and a relationship is being build between them. The lady's husband is a lawyer and a gang member. He finds out the relationship and the story goes in to twist and turns.
1045 ::: America (????/I) ::: short ::: How can one describe America in less than five minutes? Can centuries of history and culture be told in so little time? By intertwining travel home movies with canonical texts read in a cacophony of accents and timbres, the film tries to capture the very essence of the self proclaimed "Greatest Nation". A road trip through collective memory.
1046 ::: A Peace of Life (2016) ::: drama ::: The son of a prominent doctor suddenly finds himself living a life of abuse and neglect after his father falls ill. While hospitalized, his girlfriend forces young Devon to spend his days and nights in a rat infested shed. Nevertheless, all is not lost for Devon eventually finds serenity in a vision to see the "peace of his life" that is yet to come.
1047 ::: Little Giants (2008) ::: short ::: Little Giants is a new documentary series that focuses on influential artists who are connected to contemporary art, street culture and skateboarding. The series humanizes the names behind the artwork and will allow the viewer a look at the artist's personalities and history.
1048 ::: See No Evil (2014) ::: documentary ::: A film star, a linguist and a cripple - three retired apes, who have all led extraordinary lives at the hands of their human cousins. Looking back at their experiences as a performer, the subject of NASA experimentation and the recipient of language teaching, this poignant and poetic doc explores the fine line between us and them. Who observes whom? And who is really learning from this?
1049 ::: Hypnotized (1932) ::: comedy ::: A circus worker wins a sweepstakes prize of $150,000 and must travel to England to present his ticket and collect his winnings. He books passage on a transatlantic liner, but on board is a shady hypnotist who hears about the man's good fortune. He manages to get a chance to hypnotize the winner and then takes his ticket, after which he disappears. When the man wakes up and realizes his ticket has been stolen, he sets out to find the phony "professor" and reclaim his ticket.
1050 ::: Children of the Pyre (2008) ::: documentary ::: 'Children of the Pyre' is a compelling real-life, self-narrative of seven extraordinary children who make their living out of the dead. They collect, snatch or steal used coffin shrouds and sell them for petty amounts in order to ensure their own and their family's survival Tempered by the heat of the pyre, strengthened in the face of adversities and crafted by a volley of abuses, these imps weave through the pyres and struggle through disdain in this land of the dead. Laughing, smiling, weeping, fighting and shouting, these children run the race for survival - winning it again and again - everyday. The film is a terrible saga of exploitation that celebrates the victory of innocence over the most harrowing realities of life. It's a torturous journey through seared bodies, callous minds and dead consciences that constitute the human reality of the ghats at Varanasi
1051 ::: The Man Who Makes Things Happen: David L. Wolper (1999) ::: biography ::: Profile of independent producer David L. Wolper. The program looks back over a career that has spanned nearly the entire age of television. Features clips from television programs and films, including "Roots," "The Making of the President," "1960," "The Rise and Fall of the Third Reich" and "The Opening Ceremonies of the 1984 Olympics." This 1999 biography includes clips from Roots, The Thorn Birds, The Jacques Cousteau Specials, The National Geographic Specials, Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory, L.A. Confidential, The Making of the President: 1960, This Is Elvis, and Imagine: John Lennon.
1052 ::: Party 7 (2000) ::: comedy ::: Seven characters, introduced at the start of the film, get thrown together into the same hotel room: a thief who's stolen a suitcase of money from the mob, his ex-girlfriend, her obsessive boyfriend, the mob soldier sent to retrieve the briefcase, another mobster sent to kill them, master voyeur Captain Banana and his new apprentice, The Mister Yellow. Who will end up with the money?
1053 ::: Obsessive Compulsive Love Disorder (????) ::: comedy ::: Madeleine's love life is a calamity of misunderstandings! Grief struck, she's never gotten over the love of her life and she confuses lust for love. But when she learns her ex husband is about to re marry, Madeleine has to deal with her personal catastrophes and crises as she attempts to win him back and stop the wedding with many surprising, hilarious and poignant consequences.
1054 ::: World Tour 1966: The Home Movies (2003) ::: documentary ::: With a set of drums and an 8mm color home movie camera, Mickey Jones toured the world in 1966 with Bob Dylan and The Band. He captured on film what became known as "The tour that changed Rock and Roll forever." The booing crowds, the scathing reviews, the stomping feet, the infamous catcall of "Judas!" ... all of this in response to Dylan trading in his acoustic folk guitar for an electric sound. Now, for the first time, drummer-turned-actor Mickey Jones (Sling Blade, Home Improvement), with the help of Director Joel Gilbert, chronicles the legendary 1966 Bob Dylan World Tour through his recently discovered home movies. The updated release includes new, exclusive full-length interviews with Charlie Daniels, Johnny Rivers, 1966 World Tour and Gaslight tapes sound man Richard Alderson, and new insights and revelations by Mickey Jones.
1055 ::: Denim Heat (2010) ::: comedy ::: Come along with me, Rim Cromwell, as I unearth another forgotten body of work, the world of 'Grind Films'. Watch never before seen footage and interviews with key members of the films. Will we find the long lost director Ollie Olbreck, will we discover why these films were 'Buried in Time?
1056 ::: "Madson" (1996) ::: drama ::: After spending eight years in prison for a crime he did not commit, the murder of his wife, John Madson has been released and wants revenge on the policeman that framed him, Det. Insp. Rourke. He meets Magda, a fiesty barrister, who is willing to help him exact his revenge legally and also gets him a job as an outside clerk in her chambers. As the wheels of justice grind slowly forward Madson starts to rebuild his life and feels the need to help other clients of Magda's that the law appears to be treating unfairly.
1057 ::: La terza madre (2007) ::: horror ::: An ancient urn is found in a cemetery outside Rome. Once opened, it triggers a series of violent incidents: robberies, rapes and murders increase dramatically, while several mysterious, evil-looking young women coming from all over the world are gathering in the city. All these events are caused by the return of Mater Lacrimarum, the last of three powerful witches who have been spreading terror and death for centuries. Alone against an army of psychos and demons, Sarah Mandy, an art student who seems to have supernatural abilities of her own, is the only person left to prevent the Mother of Tears from destroying Rome. The final installment of the "Three Mothers" trilogy. A young American art student, Sarah, "unwittingly opens an ancient urn that unleashes the demonic power of the world's most powerful witch. As a scourge of suicides plague the city and witches from all over the world converge on Rome to pay homage, Sarah must use all her own psychic powers to stop the 'Mother of Tears' before her evil conquers the world." While excavating outside of a cemetery in the countryside, the workers accidentally find the coffin of the noble Oscar de la Vallée chained to a small urn buried since 1815. Monsignor Brusca orders to rebury the coffin inside the cemetery and sends the sealed urn to the director of the Museum of Ancient Art in Rome, Michael Pierce, who is an expert in mysticism and occult science, to confirm his fears. However, Michael's assistant Giselle Mares decides to open the urn with the student of Art Restoration and Archeology and Michael's lover Sarah Mandy. While opening, she hurts her finger and drops blood on a magic red tunic, resurrecting the evil witch Mater Lachrymarum, who immediately spreads a wave of violence, death and destruction in Rome and attracts witches from everywhere. While visiting Padre Johannes seeking answers, Sarah meets Marta Calussi that tells that Mater Lachrymarum is trying to bring the second age of witches after the falling of Rome with chaos and human despair. Further, Sarah's mother was a powerful white witch that dared to fight against the evil black witch and Sarah has inherited her abilities and is the last hope to stop the evil witch.
1058 ::: Modern Prometheus LLC (2005) ::: sci-fi ::: MODERN PROMETHEUS LLC depicts the corporate launch of a new life form: Human Analogues crafted from the atom up and imagines the first attempt by a species to acquire control of its own evolution through artificial selection. The unveiling of the innovative but not so implausible new product, Human Analogues built from the atom up, begins with scientific zeal and commercial fanfare. Assembled spectators--- "prospective shareholders"-- witness the galvanic animation of vat grown tissue into Human Analogues, followed by programming of the newly animated Analogues, physical demonstrations of their general and specialized uses and surgical procedures to add anatomical accessories. The exhibition's highlight takes place when the female Analogue, after artificial insemination, gives birth to a machine. Ultimately, the proceedings take an unexpected turn when the presentation is infiltrated by a shadow group and the creations begin to behave in a manner inconsistent with their design and programming.
1059 ::: Mortgaged to the Yanks (2007) ::: documentary ::: Sir Christopher Meyer, British ambassador to Washington from 1997 to 2003, tells the story of the US post-war loan to Britain, that was finally paid off in 2006. In 1945, Britain was practically bankrupt and the economist John Maynard Keynes hoped that America would give Britain a grant to recover from the war, so he was sent to Washington to try to convince the Yanks.
1060 ::: Xyz'd (2003) ::: drama ::: This ABC Family TV special aired just weeks after the wrap of the hit reality TV show "All-American Girl." It gave America a behind-the-scenes glimpses into the lives of the show's contestants both on and off set. During the multi-hour marathon, performers such as Top-Ten Finalist, Tarah Paige, and winner, Jessica Felice, were interviewed as to their experience on the show, preparation for the show, and future plans for their careers.
1061 ::: Yi xi zhi di (2009) ::: drama ::: (Mandarin with English subtitles) Set in the bustling capital of Taiwan, a group of characters interact with each other and eventually must come to terms with finding their place in this crazy and competitive modern Asian city. Each character charts their own journey but eventally meet for good or bad without knowing how close they are in their individual struggles.
1062 ::: Everyman's Law (1936) ::: western ::: Jim Morgan, in cahoots with the Sheriff, hires three wanted gunmen Dog Town Kid, Gibbs, and Pike and makes them Deputies. He wants them to kick the homesteaders off their land. The Kid then arrests the outlaw Lobo Joe. When the three fail him, Morgan turns to Lobo Joe with disastrous results. Texas Ranger Johnny ('Johnny Mack Brown' (qv)), poses as a hired gunman called The Dog Town Kid in order to infiltrate the outlaw gang, to uncover a plot by a crooked lawman, Sheriff Bradley ('Horace Murphy' (qv)), and a large landholder, Jim Morgan ('Lloyd Ingraham (I)' (qv)) against the smaller ranches and the homesteaders.
1063 ::: Adech (2014) ::: fantasy ::: Sofia, "the wisdom", with a cure is able to heal all diseases. Sofia, the pure, does not want to use his discovery for commercial purposes, for the sake of humanity. Professor John Cardini helped by journalist Sandra Blacks, will investigate this case and discover many fascinating fact about the mystery hidden behind the "medicine" of Sofia.
1064 ::: Make-Up (2008) ::: short ::: Behind all the glitz, glamour, and make-up, famed Super Model Summer Johnson hides many dark secrets. Summer Johnson is at the top of the modeling world, but success does not come without its many challenges. Summer's abusive boyfriend Sean Jackson, is a struggling jazz saxophonist, who's emotionally disturbed by Summer's success without a high school diploma. Sean has two degrees in music, but somehow, just can't find work. With Sean's jealous nature and frustrations, he blames Summer for everything. With the success of Summer's modeling career, her income is more than enough to take care of both of them. But in this role reversal, Summer's money is just not enough to buy Sean's pride. To finds her piece of mind, Summer abuses drugs and hides all of the troubles of her life and career behind the, "Make-Up".
1065 ::: Üç Maymun (2008) ::: drama ::: Near the Bosporus, Eyüp and Hacer live in a modest flat with their son Ismail, in his twenties, who's doing poorly in his studies. Few words pass between them, and a past family tragedy brings sorrow daily. On a rainy night, Eyüp's boss Servet, a wealthy businessman who's entering politics, hits a pedestrian on a lonely road. He drives off and offers money to Eyüp if Eyüp will take the fall - probably a six-month sentence. Eyüp agrees, and while he's in prison, Ismail wants his mother to ask Servet for enough money to buy a car. Servet, in turn, desires Hacer. How can this play out? While driving late night on a lonely road, the wealthy politician Servet hits a person and flees from the crime scene. The hit-and-run driver calls his employee Eyüp, who lives in a simple house with his wife Hacer and their teenager son Ismail, and offers to continue to monthly pay his salary and a large amount in the end of the sentence to Eyüp to take the blame for the accident. Eyüp accepts the offer and goes to prison along less than a year. Meanwhile, Ismail, who is a reckless student, wants to use part of the money that Servet owes to his father to buy a car to work as a school driver. When the beautiful Hacer visits Servet to receive the money, he makes a pass at Hacer. One day, Ismail returns home before traveling to visit his father and he sees Servet leaving his house and he presses his mother. When Eyüp is released, Ismail drives his father home and he leans that Hacer had taken part of the money to buy the car. When Servet does not discount the amount from the payoff, Eyüp suspects that Hacer is an unfaithful wife in the beginning of a family tragedy. While driving late night on a lonely road, the wealthy politician Servet hits a person and flees from the crime scene. The hit-and-run driver calls his employee Eyüp, who lives in a simple house with his wife Hacer and their teenager son Ismail, and offers to continue to monthly pay his salary and a large amount in the end of the sentence to Eyüp to take the blame for the accident. Eyüp accepts the offer and goes to prison along less than a year. Meanwhile, Ismail, who is a reckless student, wants to use part of the money that Servet owes to his father to buy a car to work as a school driver. When the beautiful Hacer visits Servet to receive the money, he makes a pass at Hacer. One day, Ismail returns home before traveling to visit his father and he sees Servet leaving his house and he presses his mother. When Eyüp is released, Ismail drives his father home and he learns that Hacer had taken part of the money to buy the car. When Servet does not discount the amount from the payoff, Eyüp suspects that Hacer is an unfaithful wife in the beginning of a family tragedy.
1066 ::: Silicon Valley Revolution (2017) ::: documentary ::: This documentary tells the forgotten stories of some of the most influential personal computer pioneers in the San Francisco Bay Area. In the late 1960s, big mainframe computers owned by large corporations and the government were seen as tools of control. The Hippie movement and the anti-Vietnam war protests served as a hotbed for a revolutionary idea: creating an affordable home computer to be used by ordinary people as a counterbalance to Big Brother. Well, the rest is history, but what has happened to the early ideals and the initial ethos of free sharing? As one of the visionaries puts it: "It's true that what I helped to create is today's establishment. That's what I was trying to get rid of: the establishment."
1067 ::: Broken (2017/V) ::: thriller ::: When the Walker family awaken in a room, unsure how they got there, it soon becomes apparent that they have been chosen for a reason. Each member is harbouring a secret, and someone has decided that it's time to come clean. As time progresses, the Walkers' are exposed one by one, forcing them to place their relationships under the microscope and confront their darkest demons, all while trying to solve the mystery of the room and the person behind it.
1068 ::: Earthworm Jim 3D (1999) ::: action ::: After an incident with a flying cow, Earthworm Jim finds himself in a coma from which he can not awake. As our hero lies unconscious, the sub-conscious forms of his worst fears begin to take over his four mind chambers. As a last defense his super ego has been unleashed to recover his missing marbles, bash the brain invading baddies, and restore the udders of lucidity before his mind is lost forever.
1069 ::: Hal Buckley (2001) ::: short ::: A romantic comedy about a high school bully who looses the will to bully. Loosely based on Henry IV, Hal only has one week to get his will back or the school will fall to chaos and the only person who can help him is Emily, the nerd who hates him most.
1070 ::: The Sleeping Warrior (2012) ::: drama ::: Drama feature that connects Hindu Spirituality and Australian Aboriginal spirituality. This connection is felt by a Hindu man Rishi who comes to share his spiritual knowledge in Australia and realises the depth of Indigenous spirituality. Maka, an Indigenous artist can't dream anymore. Maka and his community lost their sacred land and Dreaming sites. Maka's pain engulfs the forests, rocks and water. Maka continues his tradition by telling his stories to the young Aboriginal boy Balang.
1071 ::: Terrarium (2003) ::: sci-fi ::: 12 astronauts volunteer to pioneer a colony, on a newly discovered planet. They awake from their frozen 15 year sleep to discover that the ship has crashed and that they are trapped in their cryotubes. To make matters worse, a hairy beast breaks in and begins devouring them, one by one...
1072 ::: Aroos-e dehkadeh (1962) ::: drama ::: Madad Ali is in love with Rana for years but her parents want their daughter to marry another guy Lotfollah. She is about to marry the other guy but at the day of her wedding the owner of the village Zarrintaj Khanom help the girl to escape from the window and marry Madad Ali. Zarrintaj Khanom prevent the parents to get her back and gives Madad Ali money to get marry. She also before her death give a piece of land to Madad Ali for himself to work there. But after her death her son and his wife come to the village and Madad Ali has to face them.
1073 ::: God Bless the Child (1988) ::: drama ::: Single mother, Theresa Johnson, becomes homeless, loses her job and tries to survive with her young daughter, Hillary, through charities and public shelters.
1074 ::: One Hell of a Night (2014) ::: comedy ::: After an exhausting time at work Steven invites his friends Tim and Doug to an online game of Grand Theft Auto. When the three friends upset another gamer online things begin to spiral out of control. As their heated online fight ends their night has just begun filled with ninjas, drug lords, transvestites, and much more. Will Steven be able to prove to his wife that he's more than just a gamer? Will Tim be able to finally stand up to his intimidating boss? And will Doug finally get some cake? Find out in One Hell of A Night.
1075 ::: Scissors & Glue: The Miami Project (2010) ::: documentary ::: Scissors and Glue: The Miami Project explores art in real time in the vibrant city of Miami. This documentary film takes an intimate look at a young city with an old soul. It examines the way in which artistic expression and exhibition relates to and also influences community development. Scissors and Glue dares to ask, "Which is more powerful, culture's influence on art or art's influence on culture and what is the responsibility of art in urban society?" Miami has become a magnet for art lovers from around the globe. Scissors and Glue follows Helmut Schuster on his journey as a gallery owner in Berlin to the founding of his new Gallery Schuster in Miami. Also highlighted in this film is the emergence of Art Basel Miami Beach as one of the largest art fairs in the world and its major impact, not only on the art community, but Miami as a whole. Some of the worlds most important galerists speak in front of the camera in "Scissors & Glue" for the first time ever.
1076 ::: Wahid Saeiday (2014) ::: comedy ::: (Faleh) youth levels graduated from the Faculty of Law, brokered by his father to help him in the search for a job, to be appointed in a tourist resorts as an individual security, during one of his tours in the place heard by chance one of arrivals and is planning to kill inmate called (grace), only to find three inmates the resort allege (grace), whom it is intended?
1077 ::: Spleti cisto blizu vas (1999) ::: drama ::: Head of one of the parties and candidate for mayor during his electoral campaign, in which he puts road safety and concern for youth in the first place, run over a girl on a deserted country road. Fails to report the accident to the police, but transported unconsciously girl to his holiday house, things gets complicated when the girl wakes up from unconsciousness. It appears that implications for both are more fatal than initially thought. The girl can't feel her legs and she does not remember anything. Relationship quickly grows between the older politician and the young girl in distress. On the face of events two diametrically opposed worlds has to collide face to face: the corrupted politician and the drug addict from the margins of society.
1078 ::: We Don't Live Here Anymore (2018) ::: drama ::: In Prominence high school, two teenage boys, Tolu Bajulaiye and Chidi Egwuonwu find themselves embroiled in a high stake scandal that could alter the course of their future. With an impending expulsion at bay, Tolu's mother, Nike Bajulaiye a powerful matriarch, major donor to the school board, hard-fighting human rights activist realizes her son's future isn't the only thing at stake, but also hers.
1079 ::: Nautisk Mil (2007) ::: drama ::: Gunnar in his twenties has psychological dysfunctions. He lives in an outskirt that is stricken by considerable reductions. His problems are getting bigger when he loses his job and his girlfriend is moving out. Not many know, but Gunnar is painting pictures. With support from his Danish friend Ulrik, it could look like the art could save Gunnar from destruction.
1080 ::: Dreams (2015/II) ::: documentary ::: Dreams is a road documentary, a dialog between nine strangers, intimate portraits who's voices are woven together in an exploration of what it is to have a dream in America today. Dreams is a story that crosses America in a timeless exploration of what individuals dreams have become in spite of the weight of stereotypes and preconceptions. What is it to dream in America today, in a country where the very evocation of the word provokes an exported image in almost everyones mind? Hope, success, dichotomy, manifest destiny, war, belligerence...who better to define what a dream is then the people who's voices are lost in the cacophony of opinions about who and what it is to be American. Dreams explores the universal question that we asked ourselves as children and perhaps forgotten  under the pressures of daily life: what is your dream?
1081 ::: Adventures with Wink and Blink: A Day in the Life of a Zoo (2005) ::: family ::: In A Day in the Life of a Zoo!, fun-filled friends Wink & Blink invite young viewers to help them explore the zoo to find hidden clues they need to solve a puzzle. Along the way kids learn all about the animal kingdom, including Mammals, Reptiles, Amphibians, Fish, Birds and even Invertebrates. Kids will also discover what it's really like to be a zoo keeper, and they'll even tag along with the zoo veterinarian on a barn-yard house call! It's a Zoo-riffic adventure for kids of all ages.
1082 ::: As If I Am Not There (2010) ::: drama ::: A harsh dose of cinematic realism about a harsh time-the Bosnian War of the 1990s-Juanita Wilson's drama is taken from true stories revealed during the International Criminal Tribunal in The Hague. Samira is a modern schoolteacher in Sarajevo who takes a job in a small country village just as the war is beginning to ramp up. When Serbian soldiers overrun the village, shoot the men and keep the women as laborers (the older ones) and sex objects (the younger ones), Samira is subjected to the basest form of treatment imaginable.
1083 ::: Sholi gia soferines (1964) ::: comedy ::: This film follows the exploits of two friends who own a school that gives driving lessons. One of them is handsome and always gets to teach all the beautiful girls, while the other is left with the ungly, old students.
1084 ::: Tokyo Girls (2000) ::: documentary ::: Tokyo Girls is a candid journey into the world of four young Canadian women who work as well-paid hostesses in exclusive Japanese nightclubs. Lured by adventure and easy money, these modern-day geisha find themselves caught up in the mizu shobai - the complex "floating water world" of Tokyo clubs and bars. Drawn by fast money, some women become consumed by the lavish lifestyle and forget why they came. One hostess calls it "losing the plot." With a pulsating visual style, Tokyo Girls captures the raw energy of urban Japan and its fascination with the new. Shot in Canada, Osaka and Tokyo, this is a riveting inside look at the impact of the "economy geisha." Desired mainly for her looks, the hostess is rapidly replacing the cultural institution of geisha - women trained in the ancient art of traditional entertainment.
1085 ::: Tri dnya do vesny (2017) ::: drama ::: During the siege of Leningrad a Nazi bombshell destroyed the storage of Experimental medicine institute where deadly dangerous viruses were kept. Leningrad faces the bacterial catastrophe and only 3 day before the spring comes are left. Doctor Maritskaya and an NKWD officer Andreew are trying to save the city.
1086 ::: Burning Desires of a Housewife (2006) ::: drama ::: When you sit home all day, the imagination seems to wander to some of the ideas you've have in the past peek. Her daily household chores lead her to think about outside opportunities when have been told to her through mutual friends. After a long and hard day of nothing but cleaning, she finally takes it down with some wine and a little self-pleasure. The burning desires of a housewife could have severe consequences.
1087 ::: Karot (1990) ::: drama ::: The story took place in 1930s in Soviet Armenia. Arakel Aloyan is a naive peasant who left his homeland in Western Armenia after Armenian genocide of 1915, witnessed his village burnt and women raped. All the efforts of family members to pursue Arakel to accustom himself to a new life in Soviet Armenia are in vain whilst he suffers from nostalgia. After having a vision one sleepless night, Arakel crosses the Soviet-Turkish border, visits his village ("to visit the tombs of my parents, to kiss the remaining walls of our village church"), meets his old Kurdish friends. After returning back, he's captured by NKVD (Soviet state security) being accused of "spying against the nation" and tragically ends his life in the exile train to Siberia.
1088 ::: Daisy Derkins vs. The Bloodthirsty Beast of Barren Pines! (2017) ::: horror ::: Monster-slaying hero Daisy Derkins ventures into the woods to deal with a carnivorous dinosaur, and runs afoul of a touring punk band, a manic bounty hunter, a trio of voluptuous female criminals, and a family of mutant cannibals along the way.
1089 ::: Patita (1980) ::: drama ::: A young woman, forced to live the life of sex worker after the death of her parents, loses her faith in life and human beings in general when her brother dies. Three young persons fall in love with her, a spoilt alcoholic who lives life on the edge and dies as a result of excessive alcoholism, a schoolteacher who involuntarily is made responsible for the death of the lady's school going brother, and the college student whose simplicity and naiveté wins the heart of the sex worker. Amidst parental pressure and social obstacles, the student marries the sex worker, thus completing the cycle of life and giving her societal respect.
1090 ::: Till Death Do Us Part (2015) ::: documentary ::: Tom and Lisa Conway open their doors to their home and business to give us a rare and personal look at the death industry. While Tommy Jr. follows in his fathers footsteps, making him the fifth generation of Conways to do so, Tom and Lisa together with their six children bring a unique and personal touch to their family business while struggling with their own personal issues in their lives. It is through the journey of their struggles that the Conways have come to realize that in their funeral business, life is their most valuable commodity.
1091 ::: Ambres: En död talar (2007) ::: documentary ::: Director Anders Grönros has for one and a half year been filming the carpenter Sture Johansson, and how another consciousness takes over his body. This consciousness is named Ambres, claims to be 3000 years old, come from the other side, and want to convey important knowledge about man, life and death. Sture Johansson became famous when actress Shirley MacLaine traveled to the small village in Värmland, Sweden, to meet the spirit Ambres.
1092 ::: "RideShare" (2016) ::: comedy ::: RideShare follow the stories of one driver and the eclectic passengers with whom he shares the ride. Created by real-life driver Jeff Irlbeck and real-life frequent ride sharing passenger Katie Hunter, each episode is completely improvised. With the help of writer Ian Michael Smith, the character and stories were conceived and distributed to the talented cast of actors who portray them. From funny to disturbing, each of RideShare's episodes reveals what happens when people choose to share.
1093 ::: "Bedtime Stories for Men" (2017) ::: comedy ::: Bedtime Stories for Men is a comedy series, with shades of action, satirizing typically male-oriented genres and delving into fantasy worlds to illustrate a modern day dilemma. Late twenty somethings are moving back in with their parents in droves and although they're loved it's becoming harder and harder to get them to seek their independence. If they won't take a hint, maybe they'll take a bed time story.
1094 ::: "Associated Press: YouTube Channel" (2006) ::: news ::: The Associated Press is the essential global news network, delivering fast, unbiased news from every corner of the world to all media platforms and formats. AP's commitment to independent, comprehensive journalism has deep roots. Founded in 1846, AP has covered all the major news events of the past 165 years, providing high-quality, informed reporting of everything from wars and elections to championship games and royal weddings. AP is the largest and most trusted source of independent news and information. Today, AP employs the latest technology to collect and distribute content - we have daily uploads covering the latest and breaking news in the world of politics, sport and entertainment.
1095 ::: Mejor no hablar (de ciertas cosas) (2012) ::: drama ::: Paco Chavez's life is careless and charming. It's a life of illicit drugs and a forbidden love affair he carries with Lucia, his former high school sweetheart, now married to another man. One night, Paco and his younger brother Luis, enter their parent's home to steal a porcelain horse to pawn in order to score more drugs. Their father catches them and a fight ensues. The consequences of that fight will haunt both brothers forever.
1096 ::: Video Blues (1992) ::: drama ::: For seven years his family did not know anything about Gábor. One day he sends a video camera and a message on a video tape to his younger brother, János. They start sending video messages to each other and get on well, until it comes to light that Gábor and Judit, wife of János, had an affair in the past.
1097 ::: October Country (2009) ::: documentary ::: October Country is a beautifully filmed portrait of an American family struggling for stability while haunted by the ghosts of war, teen pregnancy, foster care and child abuse. With rarely seen intimacy, sensitivity and respect, this vibrant documentary examines the forces that unsettle the working poor and the violence that lurks beneath the surface of American life.
1098 ::: Sexto Sentido - A Obra Mediúnica de Gasparetto (1989) ::: documentary ::: Documentary about the psychic powers of psychologist Luiz Antônio Gasparetto, a Brazilian sensitive painter who claims to incorporate spirits of famous artists such as Van Gogh and Leonardo Da Vinci. The film tries to investigate the possibility of life after death.
1099 ::: 4891 (2013) ::: documentary ::: In the pre-dawn hours near a temple are the homeless people with nowhere to go and nothing to do. People pass by without seeing them, police cite and release them over and over, politicians make hay out of issues, and poor people keep exploiting other poor people by playing the lottery. Surveillance cameras are everywhere on the streets, coldly recording everything, devoid of emotion.
1100 ::: Erotic City (1985) ::: adult ::: This is the city...Erotic City. Here the hot, pulsating beat of the music blends with the throbbing tempo and driving rhythm of the street to incite new heights of sexual passion and desire. On this typically torrid day, a corporate battle is about to be laid wide open at Kingsley Industries. Who wins and who loses? Take a lusty look for yourself in the X-rated soap opera that makes Dynasty look like Captain Kangaroo! Delicious Desiree (Lauren Smith) is the scheming strumpet trying to take over Fred Kingsley's (Jamie Gillis) company and she will stop at nothing! First, she seduces a sexy stockholder (Joey Silvera), then she blackmails Fred's promiscuous wife (Joanna Storm) with a scandalous video tape of her illicit affairs, and then she sweet-talks secretary Shelly (Amber Lynn) in a girl-girl tryst that really starts tongues wagging. The sex and intrigue continue at a fever pitch! Dow Jones averages go through the roof in Erotic City!
1101 ::: Alyah (2012) ::: drama ::: Drug dealer Alex finds hope for a new start when his cousin offers him a job in Israel. Now he must make the final score, while balancing a new romance, a past lover, a lifelong friendship and his brother's addiction. In French w/ English subtitles. Official Selection - Cannes FF Directors' Fortnight.
1102 ::: Naturally Intense (2008) ::: sport ::: Champion Natural Bodybuilder, Kevin Richardson's video, Naturally Intense, shows the high intensity workouts and principles that enabled him to transform himself from a 125lb teen into a 225lb ripped to shreds natural bodybuilding champion- without the use of steroids or drugs of any kind! Training only 20 minutes three times a week Kevin has been able to forge a world-class physique while still maintaining a balance in life. You don't need to spend countless hours in the gym, to achieve your goals, and Kevin's Naturally Intense approach allows for bodybuilding to truly be a healthy and wholesome pursuit. Having successfully trained hundreds over the past 16 years, he is truly the modern guru of natural bodybuilding. Along with his workout partner, future fitness sensation and drummer extraordinaire, LaFrae Sci, you will see exactly how Kevin trains. No camera tricks, no out takes, just pure hardcore training that show some pretty fantastic examples of pushing it to the limit and beyond. The incredible weights lifted and the phenomenal physiques prove without a doubt that you do not need drugs or special supplements to realize the upper levels of human physical development.
1103 ::: Work Farm (2005) ::: short ::: Told through a progression of shots constructed from an assortment of vintage educational films, Work Farm details the inevitable and unfortunate transition from innocent childhood simplicity into the dreary and competitive system of industry.
1104 ::: "Ek Boond Ishq" (2013) ::: drama ::: Ek boond ishq has a unique story. Its about two people Tara and Mritunjaya and how their life changes when they get married to each other. Tara is full of life who can do anything to save her family. Mritunjaya is in jail on charges of rape and murder of a girl. Tara marries Mritunjaya to save her family without even seeing his face. Will Rudrapratap ruin thier lives?
1105 ::: The Last Laugh (2016/I) ::: documentary ::: Feature documentary about humor and the Holocaust, examining whether it is ever acceptable to use humor in connection with a tragedy of that scale, and the implications for other seemingly off-limits topics in a society that prizes free speech.
1106 ::: Growing Awareness (2007) ::: documentary ::: This feature-length documentary from the Pacific Northwest examines Community-Supported Agriculture (CSA), through which consumers buy shares of a local farm's harvest, receiving a weekly supply of fresh food throughout the growing season. Small-scale organic farmers and CSA members from around the South Puget Sound region share their views on the present reality of small-scale farming and its impact on farmers, consumers, and the local community as a whole. With issues of sustainability and food security coming to the fore throughout North America and beyond, Growing Awareness illustrates the importance of local small farms to a community and critiques the emergence of an organic-industrial complex as well as the modern corporate-controlled and government-subsidized global food system.
1107 ::: Kajok Project (2002) ::: documentary ::: A typical Korean family in crisis. Father lost his job in the I.M.F. recession. The eldest of six siblings, he had dedicated his life to being the backbone of the extended family. Mother gave up her dream job as a TV anchor to get married. Through thirty years of wedlock she endured abuse from her in-laws-a father fixated on his masculinity, a mother regretting a life of self-sacrifice. They reach old age and are confronted by their three grown-up children. With respect for her parents, their U.S.-educated daughter examines today's traditional patriarchy.
1108 ::: The She Devil (1918) ::: romance ::: Lolette ( Theda Bara ), an exotic and spirited peasant girl lives In the small Spanish village of Juanguera . Although ardently courted by the native swains, and particularly a bandit called The Tiger, Lolette prefers Maurice Tabor, a French artist who has come to Juanguera to paint. Because he refuses to take her to Paris, Lolette accepts a gift of stolen jewels from The Tiger and follows Maurice to France. With Lolette as his model, Maurice paints brilliantly, and soon she becomes a Paris sensation. One evening, Lolette performs a Spanish dance on stage, and the next day, she signs contracts with a number of impresarios, accepting advance payment from all of them. Fearing her arrest, Maurice urges her to accompany him back to Spain, but The Tiger attacks their coach and imprisons them. At a feast held in her honor, however, Lolette urges The Tiger to drink, and when he is unconscious, she and Maurice escape.
1109 ::: Pájaros Negros (2015) ::: thriller ::: Victor is a successful businessman, who has to deal with the depression of his wife Maria, and the cold relationship she has with their daughter. He loves them and protects them, but a man invades his family life and seems that there is a hidden secret between him and his wife. Then, Victor begins a dark path, ready to face all the consequences as long as the threat finishes.
1110 ::: I som här inträden... (1945) ::: drama ::: A drama about revenge, lies and destruction. Tomas Eckert, a civil servant, is subjected to a violated woman's revenge. It happens to be his boss's wife, Märta Palm. Tomas is accused of having abused Mrs.Palm. She also reveals that Tomas's wife is morphine addict. He collapses and is forced to accept early retirement, diagnosed "epilepsy with mental changes".
1111 ::: Clean Mic: Laughing Until It Hurts (2008) ::: documentary ::: Clean Mic is an entertaining, thought provoking journey into the realities facing Washington DC, New York and Boston comedians in comedy clubs. This funny, behind the scenes portrait reveals the complexities of performing clean comedy in an entertainment hungry society which often rewards stereotypes. Social comedy veteran icons Dick Gregory and Paul Mooney reflect on their personal stories and observations of Hollywood marketing of African-American comedians and actors. Both icons discuss legends such as Lenny Bruce and Richard Pryor to the recent Dave Chappelle phenomenon.
1112 ::: Drawing Restraint 7 (1993) ::: short ::: A video installation in which Satyrs grapple in a limousine as it drives through the tunnels of New York City. While one satyr chases its tail in the front seat, another attempts to make a drawing in the condensation-coated sunroof of the limousine using the third satyr's horn.
1113 ::: Omar & Salma (2007) ::: romance ::: Story of Omar, son of a wealthy business man, who was in a relationship with a model "Farah", and decided to forget her after a fight with her manager in a club with whom she cheated on him. His friend introduces him to Salma, a new colleague who recently moved to the university, she had a hard past when her ex boyfriend who cheated on her with her mother and he has to do his best to win her heart .
1114 ::: Baling qiezei (1987) ::: action ::: Former Taiping Perak, General Liu Hedong lives in Baling Kedah with his daughter, live by running a small sculpture shop. One fine day, a wealthy businessman named Yang invited him to his boat, and pleads for him to copy the famous Yueyanglou plaques. Liu believes Yang is quiet sincere person , so he readily agrees. Within a day and night of hard work, he made replica worthy of the original plaque.
1115 ::: Brooks & Dunn Live at Cain's Ballroom (2005) ::: music ::: Kix Brooks & Ronnie Dunn kick up their heels in this concert captured in Hi-Definition at the legendary Cain's Ballroom in Tulsa, Oklahoma. Tune in as the boys bring their brand of boot scootin' fun to a packed house with performances of their new hits and some old favorites. Theatrically released by Arista Records Nashville in 2005.
1116 ::: SSI: Sex Squad Investigation (2006) ::: comedy ::: When the scene of the crime has your jaw dropping from steamy felonious activity, it's time for the SSI: Sexy Squad Investigation forensics team to uncover the clues, crack the case and nail the perpetrators. Seduction Cinema's hottest new spoof takes you deep into the sordid world of sensual wrongdoing and the courageous men and women of law enforcement who bring hardened criminals to justice.
1117 ::: Straight Men & the Men Who Love Them (2005) ::: drama ::: A collection of shorts that explores the relationships between gay men and straight men. The collection includes Espacio Dos (Spain) In the Name of the Father (Brazil), My Straight Boyfriend (US), Truth or Consequences (Brazil), Coffee Date (US), Popcorn & Coke (UK), and Uninhibited.
1118 ::: Little Miss Perfect (2016) ::: drama ::: Little Miss Perfect is a feature-length drama that chronicles the life of BELLE (14) an overambitious straight-A freshman. Her newest accomplishment? Class President. Belle seems to have it altogether but as family trouble and daily social academic pressures grow, she seeks a way to control an otherwise chaotic world. Triggered by a blog promoting anorexia and other eating disorders, Belle drops down to an unhealthy weight, a number that wouldn't even make for a good grade.
1119 ::: "Last Cake Standing" (2010) ::: reality-tv ::: Last Cake Standing pits eight stars of the cake world against each other as they vie for the title of "Best Cake Artist in America" and an incredible $100,000 grand prize. The six-episode elimination competition series places talented pastry chefs in intense competitions with crazy twists. The competitors must endure difficult tasks from creating cakes with actual talents and superhero-inspired cakes to undergoing a two-day competition in Las Vegas. Each week, the judges eliminate one competitor, and The Last Cake Standing takes home the grand prize.
1120 ::: "Bar Flies" (2012) ::: comedy ::: You never know what draws you to those hole in the wall bars but you always get the most interesting stories and people there. Meet the Bar Flies, Chad, Evan, Wayne, Sheri, Eve, Dan, and Jackson. The Pilot introduces some of the main characters as we follow the (mis)adventures of this crew as they unwind at their favorite hangout.
1121 ::: "Real Chance of Love" (2008) ::: reality-tv ::: Real and Chance are back and looking for love. The two brothers will have 17 lovely ladies to choose from. After the nickname ceremony, they proceed to a back yard mixer where they get to know the girls a little better. In the end Real and Chance pick 7 girls each from the group and the 3 remaining girls are eliminated.
1122 ::: Truth About HIV & STD's in America (2012) ::: documentary ::: Female Condoms, Dental Dam, Lubrication??? In this show we teach you how to have safe sex including oral sex, the do's and don'ts of condom use, how STD's are transferred, how to use dental dam and more. This show is highly informative, but very funny and hands on. It also provides in debt information about the different kinds of condoms.
1123 ::: Bollywood Carmen (2013) ::: musical ::: One-off musical spectacular performed live in the centre of Bradford. Inspired by Bizet's popular opera Carmen, it is a dramatic story of love, betrayal and intrigue told with music that mixes Bollywood classics, western pop and well-known tunes from Bizet's score. Carmen is a Bradford waitress obsessed with movie stardom. When a Bollywood film star comes to Bradford to shoot scenes for his new movie she thinks her time has come, but the cards foretell a different story.
1124 ::: Girls in Bands at the BBC (2015) ::: music ::: All too often, every great female rock musician has to answer a predictable question - what is it like being a girl in a band? For many, the sight of a girl shredding a guitar or laying into the drums is still a bit of a novelty. As soon as women started forming their own bands they were given labels - the rock chick, the girl band or one half of the rock 'n' roll couple. Kate Mossman aims to look beyond the cliches of fallen angels, grunge babes and rock chicks as she gets the untold stories from rock's front-line to discover if it has always been different for the girl in a band.
1125 ::: "Not on the First Date" (2006) ::: reality-tv ::: Not On The First Date is a hot and exciting new reality TV show showcasing singles out on a search for something more than your average hook up, giving our viewers a candid glimpse into the world of dating. This reality series consists of two blind dates per episode, focusing on the embarrassing moments that always find their way into a first date, as well as on some cool and hip places to take a date. With a fresh new take on reality dating and our witty hosts; Not On The First Date is assured to be friendly to all ages.
1126 ::: The Corrupt and the Dead (2017) ::: documentary ::: The Corrupt and the Dead is a feature-length documentary (approx. 90-minutes) by Tigre Hill about the Philadelphia Italian, Black, and Irish organized crime groups. Covering select events from 1903 to 2000, the film uses historical footage, interviews and narration to tell the story of these groups' origins within Philadelphia, differing methods of conducting business, and reasons for decline. Distinguishing the documentary from other film depictions of the mafia, The Corrupt and the Dead also interweaves Mr. Hill's assessment of the financial cost that the mafia has imposed on society, including increased prices that consumers unknowingly bear as a result of organized crime. Noteworthy stories told during The Corrupt and the Dead include the beginnings in Sicily of the first Philadelphia mafia boss Salvatore Sabella, how Sabella came to America to start the first Mafia family in South Philadelphia, and the ways in which the Philadelphia mob was connected with the Five Families of New York City.
1127 ::: Year Zero 36 (2016) ::: documentary ::: Year Zero36 looks at the impact the Khmer Rouge has had on Cambodian youth today. The film follows a group of young circus performers as they deal with the difficulties of their lives; growing up as orphans, survivors of domestic violence, drug addiction and human trafficking while working to create a piece of theatre that explores their country's dark history. Their insights change the way they see their country and how its history has impacted their lives.
1128 ::: Long Shadows: Stories from a Jewish Home (2003) ::: documentary ::: The largest population of Holocaust survivors, per capita, outside Israel lives in Melbourne, Australia. These survivors are facing death and isolation for the second time, as they make the traumatic transition to an aged care facility. Dementia, memory loss and physical immobility contribute to a splintering of identity. Removed from their homes, their familiar routines, their families and the outside community, past horrors come flooding back. Exploring three levels of care from the most independent to the most dependent at Melbourne's biggest Jewish aged care facility, LONG SHADOWS examines the impact of institutionalisation for three survivors and their spouses. Harold, guides us flamboyantly through this teeming "tower of Babel" that houses up to 600 residents, and through his personal tale of tragedy and love. Evelyne, a child survivor aged 60, must face institutionalisation prematurely when an accident renders her dependent. And life inside the Dementia unit for Alzheimer's sufferer Dora shows how massive trauma effects sufferers of dementia and the people who love and care for them. All three stories are peppered with humour, delivered with honesty and underscore the importance of love for survival. LONG SHADOWS: Stories from a Jewish Home examines the implications of caring for ageing Survivors of the Holocaust.
1129 ::: Kiklop (1982) ::: drama ::: Just before the breakout of World War II in Yugoslavia in 1941, young artist and theater critic from Zagreb, Melkior Tresic, spends his days enjoying the company of beautiful girls like Enka and partaking in friendly drunken debates with intellectuals and actors in smoke-filled taverns. His blissful bohemian existence forcibly ends with his conscription into the army. The oppression of the boot camp breaks Melkior and he desperately tries to find a way out by faking illness, which backfires.
1130 ::: Am seidenen Faden (2011) ::: thriller ::: A sucessfull business mans life is dramatically changed, when he's kidnapped by a ruthless man, who calls himself "The Ghost" and threads to kill his wife and daughter, if he's not doing what he wants. But who is the mysterious "Ghost" and how can he be stopped?
1131 ::: A Surrogate's Nightmare (2017) ::: thriller ::: A woman acting as a surrogate for her estranged sister is put in peril when it turns out that someone doesn't want the baby to be born. With a mysterious man tracking her every move, she must figure out who is trying to kill her... before it's too late.
1132 ::: Because No One Else Would (2014) ::: short ::: In 1865, Washington Duke returns home from the Civil War with 50˘ in his pocket and a small patch of tobacco on his land in Durham, North Carolina. By 1900, the American Tobacco Company has become the largest manufacturer of cigarettes in the world. For decades, Durham is a tobacco town, producing brands including Pall Mall and Lucky Strike. But in 1987, the factory closes. The town falls into a spiral of decay and abandonment. In 2004, Capitol Broadcasting reopened the old tobacco factory and ignited the Durham Renaissance, the resurgence of a once-powerful town into a leading city of the South.
1133 ::: White Powder (2016) ::: drama ::: We learn that a South African drug smuggler has been executed gangsta style in his hotel room and all his drugs are missing. As if, that's not bad enough, the drugs actually belong to Big Ron, a massive London underworld, criminal figure. Big Ron is paranoid... Who would have the front to rob him? He fears it was an inside job so he decides to recruit a ruthless firm called the 'Headhunters' to investigate the drug heist. His orders are simple 'find me the drugs and you can keep them... but in return I want you to kill everyone involved in this treachery!'. Unbeknown to Big Ron and the 'Headhunters' their real nemesis is Yasmin a naive, lap dancer, who just happened to chance upon the drugs. The question is will Yasmin be able to outwit her executioners or will she become another victim to the drug that is known on the streets simply as 'White Powder'. Yasmin, a lap dancer, gives Ade, a private lap dance at his hotel room. Far from being a tribal Prince - Ade, is actually a notorious drug smuggler, and is insistent that he wants more than a dance for his Ł2,000. Ade draws a gun, and in sheer panic Yasmin fends him off resulting to Ade's death. The actual drugs belong to Big Ron, a ruthless, London criminal boss. Big Ron, at first suspects, it's an inside job and recruits the 'Headhunters', an outside criminal firm to investigate the so called execution of Ade. Big Ron's instructions are simple and clear 'Find me my missing drugs and the drugs are yours - But in return bring me the heads of my traitors!'. This sets up the film for a suspenseful, chilling climax.
1134 ::: The Red Shoes (2009/II) ::: short ::: 'The Red Shoes' tells the story of a young orphan called Karen who is taken in by a kind elderly widow. As Karen's confirmation approaches, the widow takes her to the Shoemaker to buy shoes for the service but Karen finds herself drawn to steal a pair of beautiful red dancing shoes, only to tragic consequence.
1135 ::: Cowboy Angels (2006) ::: drama ::: Paris, La Chapelle neighborhood in the 18th arrondissement. Eleven-year-old Pablo coldly puts up with his mother's messy life. Abandoned for the umpteenth time, he decides to set out to find his Spanish father. He hires Louis, a poker player who has met with hard times and to whom he has become mysteriously attached. But his father turns out to be just an illusion...
1136 ::: Brothers of the Wilderness (1984) ::: family ::: "Brothers of the Wilderness" is a family adventure that looks for the gold in people's hearts. A young family splitting apart takes a cross-country trip and their small son becomes separated from them in the mountains by a near-tragic traffic accident. He is befriended by a large "dog" - the wolf, Mara - who belongs to an old prospector with more than enough gold, but a hole in his heart: literally, and for the family he lost years earlier. The old man sets out to find the boy's parents, but his gold attracts the attention of two greenhorn prospectors, Bernie & Len. When the old man dies of a heart attack, leaving the boy alone once again - and with a map to his gold - the boy goes off alone to look for his parents. Only the wolf-dog Mara stands between the boy and the two greedy men.
1137 ::: Big All at Once (2004) ::: documentary ::: What is it like to be leaving school now and suddenly having to make crucial choices about the rest of your life? This film intimately follows three different 18-year-olds as they are spat out of the uniformity of high school and struggle to piece together their adult identities, their own way.
1138 ::: Making the Monkees (2007) ::: documentary ::: In 1967, four unknown actors in a kids TV show became the biggest pop band in the world. In America, they outsold Elvis and The Beatles combined. They were The Monkees. But The Monkees were not a real band, they were a man-made money making machine, driven by ego and ambition. A machine that would ultimately crash and burn. This is the inside story of pop music's first manufactured band.
1139 ::: The Return and Redemption of the Sundance Kid! Slideook (2015) ::: animation ::: This is a continuation of The Adventures of Tommy the Swami Superturtle. It is entitled The Return and Redemption of the Sundance Kid! Slideook. A Slideook is a Slideshow+ Video+Book. Also it includes Slideotorials Slideshow+ Video+Editorial and Slideotoons= Slideshow+Video+ Cartoon. Dr. Beebe created several new genres that meld into a new film genre of Film Slideook. Interestingly researching his family history at the Salt Lake City museum is a poster that says Herein lies Hyrum Beebe reputed to be the Sundance Kid. Mark Twain once said he spent half his life trying to uncover his family history and the other half trying to cover it up! Tommy the Swami the Superturtle gives an articulate defense of the Sundance Kid. Dr. Beebe's parents anniversary Slideo continues the theme of Redemption.
1140 ::: No Mean City: Florence (1965) ::: documentary ::: A personal impression of Florence by sports writer, journalist and novelist. Brian Glanville. He revisits the city in which he wrote his first successful novel 'Along the Arno'. This is his Florence, a city suffocated by the splendour of its past.
1141 ::: Ninja Holocaust (????) ::: action ::: The evil ninja lord Quan Chi Hooker plans to terminate all living ninjas in the world. In order to do this successfully he must create his very own secret ninja army. When ninjas starts to drop dead all over the place it gets the attention of chief inspector Gordon of the HK police department. He must solve the case of the dying ninjas... Meanwhile, Quan Chi Hooker finds out that in order to succeed with his evil plan, he must also terminate his own ninja army and himself ... Something he didn't think about when he made up his evil plan.
1142 ::: Gatorbait II: Cajun Justice (1988) ::: action ::: A sweet city girl initiated into the rugged ways of the Louisiana swamp by her good-natured Cajun husband "Big T". She ends up putting her newly acquired survival skills to good use when she is kidnapped by Big T's chief rival Leroy and his swarthy, brutish family as part of an ongoing feud.
1143 ::: Sundays in Fort Greene (????) ::: drama ::: This is a story about an affluent family living in contemporary multi-cultural New York. It details the lives of two sisters impacted by the traditions and expectations handed down from parent to child, that often cause conflict with the everyday choices they make as adults. It explores the repercussions of failing to be true to ones' self out of fear and misunderstandings. Lastly, it attempts to illustrate what happens in modern families everyday, when communication breaks down. A family divided against itself cannot stand.
1144 ::: Double Drop: The Story of Joe Nice (2015) ::: documentary ::: The musical genre of dubstep has been growing in popularity over the past several years. DJ Joe Nice is on the forefront of this movement, yet mainstream success has eluded him as he struggles to balance the growing demands of his musical career and the responsibilities of being a father.
1145 ::: Crash (2008) ::: short ::: THREE YOUNG SOLDIERS TELL HOW THEY BECAME ADDICTED TO DRUGS, AND DESCRIBE SOME OF THE PROBLEMS THEIR ADDICTION HAS CAUSED THEM.An Army Report from the Office of the Chief Signal Officer.This historical recording from the National Archives may contain variations in audio and video quality based on the limitations of the original source material.
1146 ::: Ahilesovata peta (2010) ::: documentary ::: Dimiter Dimov has written three novels, two of which have been among the most popular and best-selling over the hundred years after he was born. Which is inimitable in Dimiter Dimov's mentality and sensitivity? Which are the landmarks in his personality-building process? What are the secrets of his unique fictional world? Which is the weak point of his creative insights? The film is a quest for answers to these questions through the works of the writer and the memories of his loved ones.
1147 ::: Floor Below the Basement (2015) ::: thriller ::: It is the early 2000s and KIM'S soldier brother ORENTHAL is returning from Afghanistan after more than a year as a kidnap victim. She waits anxiously for his return so he can save her from the aliens posing as their parents. They look the same as their parents, sound, smell and behave the same-but they are not the same. They are imposters. The aliens have stolen her parents and she knows they want to do the same to her. Orenthal eventually returns from war, alive and intact. And to Kim's horror, she realizes the aliens have taken her brother from her as well, and replaced him with a copy.
1148 ::: Atanarjuat (2001) ::: drama ::: Centuries ago, in what would become the Canadian Arctic, Atuat is promised to the malevolent Oki, son of the leader of their tribe. But Atuat loves the good-natured Atanarjuat, who ultimately finds a way to marry her. Oki's sister, Puja also fancies Atanarjuat, and when she causes strife between him and his brother Amaqjuaq, Oki seizes the opportunity to wreak a terrible revenge on Atanarjuat. Long ago in the Arctic territory of the Inuit nation, an evil spirit is summoned by a miscreant shaman to spread violence and discord, which leads to the death of the local chief, Kumaglak, at the hands of the usurper, Sauri who also proceeds to break the spirit of his other rival, Tulimaq. Years later, that conflict continues even when Tulimaq's sons, Amaqjuaq, the Strong One and Atanarjuat, the Fast Runner, have become the best hunters of their people. Sauri's short-fused son, Oki, becomes profoundly jealous of the brothers, and this increases when Atanarjuat fairly wins his betrothed. The conflict reaches its climax when an indiscretion on Amaqjuaq's part sparks an act of murderous vengeance that leaves Amaqjuaq dead and Atanarjuat fleeing naked into the wilderness to face certain death by exposure. Yet for all these events the curse has caused, Atanarjuat soon learns that there are forces that are coming to help him. However, he must also make fateful decisions that will determine the fate of him and his people.
1149 ::: Blue Bus (2010) ::: comedy ::: Sixty-eight year old August Dupree is pretty certain he is on the down side of Act Three and honestly doesn't know and isn't sure if he cares if there is an Act Four. One day, he wakes from his afternoon nap to discover a ramshackle old blue Volkswagen bus has been dropped off in his driveway. Inside, he finds a sealed wooden box and a letter from an old childhood friend telling him to take the bus and the box on a road trip to New Orleans. Feeling bound by his friend's last dying wish and without opening the box, "Augie" convinces another close friend to take the road trip with him from Los Angeles to New Orleans, the city he left when he was just nineteen years old, never to return, until now. What transpires is a journey, a road movie/buddy flick if you will, that actually becomes a coming of age story for two middle aged guys - one who has run from his past his entire life and the other, a Peter Pan character who has never really grown up.
1150 ::: The Switch (1999) ::: comedy ::: Alan, gets conned into going on a blind date...and he HATES blind dates. But this one looks promising, his date sucks, but there is another girl there that looks interesting. But can he get away with making The Switch?
1151 ::: Afternoon Encounter (????) ::: thriller ::: During one of their regular breakfast meetings - and after 50 years of marriage - the wife surprisingly demands a divorce. Even though they have not been living together for 24 years, she declares that 'she wants to be free when she dies'. As a consequence, memories, dark secrets, and seemingly dormant emotions are aroused. Our bodies age; but love does not. "An Afternoon Encounter" is an adaptation of a play by Internationally-acclaimed author, Henning Mankell.
1152 ::: "Exiles: Vancouver" (2015) ::: reality-tv ::: EXILES is a new unscripted docu-series format about nationality, identity and making it in a modern globalised world. It's also about other countries and how they appear to outsiders. EXILES is about the new Emigrant and the new places they go - in this case Vancouver, Canada. The show follows 6 young Irish 20-somethings as they emigrate from Ireland to Canada to start a new life and chase their dreams.
1153 ::: Metade Sexo Metade Mussarela (2002) ::: comedy ::: Passionate, Alberto and Lurdinha marry. But the girl is not satisfied with being supported by her husband and decides to secretly be a company clerk for phone sex. Upon discovering the activity of his wife, Alberto feels betrayed. The marriage is in crisis and old hurts and charges have surfaced.
1154 ::: Shamanic Trekker (2017) ::: documentary ::: Learn Why the Western World Is Fascinated by Shamans - Every year thousands of pilgrims from the Western world have sought to learn this knowledge and receive the rituals from the linage of the ancient elders of the High Andes. Many western "shaman" schools in the United States and Europe now train men and women to become shamans by receiving these sacred rites called the Munay Ki. Meet the Shamans of the High Andes - In the film we will journey to the source of Shamanism in Peru, the indigenous Q'ero tribe located in the High Andes mountain region. The Q'ero are the last of the Incas - a tribe of 600 who sought refuge at altitudes above 14,000 feet in order to escape the conquering conquistadors. For 500 years the Q'ero elders have preserved a sacred prophecy of a great change, or "pachacuti," in which the world would be turned right-side-up, harmony and order would be restored, and chaos and disorder ended. The Q'ero have served as the caretakers of the rites and prophecies of their Inca ancestors.
1155 ::: "Feel the Dead" (2017) ::: horror ::: An American family (father, mother and daughter) are on holiday. During their visit, they notice that something strange is happening around them: some people seem like crazies, they attack their own kind, and devour them like wild beasts. It looks like a game of zombies, but this is the reality, a new reality where reign fear and death . The family manages to escape in panic, from now the only way to stay alive is to defend themself in any way, by any means.
1156 ::: The Finger Food Cafe Show: A Christmas Gift (2004) ::: family ::: Dress rehearsal is going well until a disgruntled Deaf girl named Meghan (Selima Carlin) storms into the cafe pursued by her frustrated and furious hearing father, Jim (Joe Mathis). Meghan has just learned that, instead of spending time with her Deaf friends in Indianapolis, she and her family are all going to Colorado for Christmas vacation! But no one there is Deaf, and she feels left out. Carlo (Francis Casale), Mark and Rebecca (Marshall and Rachel Lawrence) offer some valuable and timely advice that results in an unusual and heartwarming Christmas gift.
1157 ::: "The Runner" (2013) ::: drama ::: The stakes are high when Josh Rundell is arrested for a murder he did not commit. Josh has been working as a research assistant on a psychology experiment about social media when his supervisor Professor Vale turns up dead. Arrested on circumstantial evidence, Josh escapes custody and goes on the run using his parkour and skateboarding skills to avoid capture and uncover the evidence he needs to clear his name.
1158 ::: "Winds of the World" (2010) ::: reality-tv ::: If you can get there by boat, Winds of the World will go. And the cameras will follow. The ultimate show-within-a-show, WoW follows lifelong sailor and reality television host John Meyer and nautical neophyte and television newbie Jana Edge as they travel the globe, bringing the viewer along to far-flung destinations as well as revealing the off-the-beaten-path aspects of familiar locales. Get to know John and Jana as they struggle to organize, produce and execute a truly unique travel show that is part luxury yachting, part bargain travel, part reality TV, and all fun.
1159 ::: 14 Days in America (2005) ::: documentary ::: Fourteen Days in America 2004 represents the first in a series of projects capturing the hearts and minds of people from around the world. Its objectives utilize the dynamics of the visual arts to provide grassroots information about people and the places they choose to live in. Fine art still portraits together with a blend of film documentary capture information we gather, in order to build a historical archive of photographs and film footage. The latter includes selected short interviews accompanied with footage produced in and around each venue. The progression with which each venue is treated and represented will be available for generations to come. This historic project was born in 2000, and is part of an ongoing global study into human understanding. This is the first leg, titled '14 Days in America'. The first phase of the project involved a film crew, still photographers and a host, Mr. David Gibbons traveling from New York to Portland Oregon over 14 days. They photographed, interviewed and captured footage of the general public 'opening up'. The resulting documentary film is a record of 'the face of freedom', our overall aim is quite simply to 'promote global understanding', without any political or religious bias.
1160 ::: Soviet Ukraine: Years of Struggle and Victories (1977) ::: documentary ::: A three-part documentary praise about struggle, suffering, opposition and the final victory for the Ukrainian people against the fascist occupation. Editing and production of part one started in 1974. The documentary epic was released 1977. Awarded the Taras Shevchenko State Prize in 1978.
1161 ::: A Magic Christmas (2014) ::: family ::: Jack Carter, a modest, middle-aged man, and owner of a bakery has found himself and his family in a rut. Not only can he not provide his family with the finer things, he has also found he is not as close to his kids as he would like to be. His 17 year-old son Kyle is constantly preoccupied with sports and will be leaving for college soon; his daughter Sienna (14) is always lost in her phone. So for the upcoming Christmas holiday, Jack has the brilliant idea to reconnect with his family while also trying to spark his desired career in writing by going on a Christmas vacation to a cabin resort in the mountains without any technological distractions - no phones, iPads, etc., and embark on their trip to have the best Christmas vacation ever! From the get-go, however, the trip seems to be doomed: their cabin is a dilapidated disaster, the kids are constantly complaining, and then Jack runs into his estranged, uber-competitive friend, Robert, who used to go on vacation with Jack to the resort as kids. Robert is everything Jack wishes he could be: rich, successful, and better than Jack at everything. And while Jack and his family stay in a cold, run down cabin, Robert and his family stay in one of the resort's newly renovated and fanciest cabins. Robert seems to upstage Jack at every turn, and Jack's family appears to be entranced by Robert and his wealth, leaving Jack to feel like a failure. Jack plans to one-up Robert at the very games Robert used to beat him in so long ago as kids: the Farthering Pines Winter Olympics - a series of events that Jack's dad came up with. Jack's plan, however, backfires and Robert winds up beating Jack once again. Jack has had it. His emotions get the best of him and he apologizes to his family for letting them down as a provider, but his family reveals that they feel they have the best father or husband anyone could ask for. Jack finally realizes that the love of his family is more rewarding than anything money could buy.
1162 ::: Away Goes Prudence (1920) ::: comedy ::: Away Goes Prudence (1920) is a silent film comedy produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. This picture was directed by John S. Robertson and starred Billie Burke. Screen writer Josephine Lovett provided a story direct for the screen. This is now considered a lost film.
1163 ::: Mi-han-hae, Ko-ma-weo (2011) ::: drama ::: "Sorry, Thanks" is an omnibus film containing four short films. The central theme is the relationship between pets and their owners. In Heung-Sik Park's "My Younger Brother" a 6-year-old girl gets separated from her dog when her mother gets pregnant with her second child and the family decides to give the dog away for adoption. Soon-rye Lim's "Catty Kiss" tells the story of an old maid who often takes in stray cats. This has caused a conflict with her father who doesn't understand why she devotes so much money and time into the cats. Jeom-gyoon Oh's "Chu Chu" shows the friendship between the homeless man Young-jin and the stray dog Chu Chu. In Il-gon Song's "Thank You, I'm Sorry" a hard-working mother inherits a dog after the death of her father. Taking care of her father's dog causes her to reflect on her life.
1164 ::: Zehirli hayat (1966/II) ::: drama ::: Inci, daughter of the rich businessman Hayri Bey, is in love with their driver Dogan. Turan, the manager of Hayri Bey's factory, wants to marry Inci. He sends his mother to Inci's house, to ask for the girl's hand in marriage. Although her mother accepts this offer, Inci rejects it. Turan has Inci followed and Inci's affair with Dogan is revealed, Turan is after Hayri Bey's money. He gets an assassin to kill Hayri Bey as he finds out about his embezzlement and puts the blame on Dogan who is jailed. Inci is pregnant and marries Turan. Dogan escapes from jail, and finds out from Turan's girl friend Meral, that Memo is the murderer. Dogan kidnaps Inci's son. Memo kidnaps the boy from him. Turan kills Memo, but before he confesses everything to the police before he dies. Dogan learns that Omercik is his own son. Turan and Nuri get arrested and the three start a happy new life.
1165 ::: Adventures of the Quest: Boiling Sea (1995) ::: documentary ::: EPISODE RUNDOWNS Episode 1: "THE BOILING SEA" THE MASS AGGREGATION OF TUNA, SHARKS & WHALES. The Coral Sea (Australia) Each year during the Spring full moon somewhere in the Coral Sea, hundreds of thousands of tuna amass along with whales, sharks and whale sharks, transforming the otherwise tranquil ocean into a boiling sea. Combining the technological capabilities and prowess of the Quest and its team, the Wights, together with a group of fisheries scientists, are able to locate, witness and explain this extraordinary marine phenomenon.
1166 ::: Confessions of a Go-Go Girl (2008) ::: drama ::: Jane McCoy, a recent college graduate, much to her parent's dismay, decides to scrap her plans for law school to pursue an acting career full-time. Struggling to make ends meat, she meets a confident and persuasive friend who shows her the way to make extra money go-go dancing. What starts as just an "easy money" job, however, rapidly becomes an all-consuming activity that slowly pulls Jane from her acting classes, her relationships with her boyfriend and family, and, most importantly, from her true self.
1167 ::: Parental Guidance (????) ::: comedy ::: Three kids, well past the prime adoption age, get their last chance at having a family and leaving the tyrannical orphanage director, when they're adopted by two clueless androids. In this wild comedy, a new family also comes with a murder plot, a kidnapping and a court case not to be forgotten.
1168 ::: The Party's Over (1965) ::: drama ::: Melina is the spoiled daughter of an American industrialist.Despite being engaged to Carson who works for her father, Melina chooses to spend her days in London where she's constantly partying with her British beatnik friends. The leader of the British beatnik group she's hanging with is Moise.He has a girlfriend and also sleeps with other girls in the group but he mostly wants Melina in his bed.Maybe that's because Melina plays hard-to-get.Melina's industrialist father, Ben, is worried about her activities and sends his trusted manager and future son-in-law, Carson, to track Melina down and bring her back to the USA.When Carson arrives in London, Melina gets wind of it and avoids him, constantly running and hiding, changing her address, frustrating Carson's efforts to find her.However, Carson starts making some progress when he moves in the same apartment building as Melina and her friends.Carson also begins to hang out at the same beatnik parties as Melina and her friends.But when Carson gets really close to finding Melina, at one of her usual beatnik parties, she disappears again.Frustrated with the delay, Melina's father himself arrives in London to help Carson find Melina.
1169 ::: Britain's Wild Invaders (2000) ::: documentary ::: Naturalist Mike Dilger is on a mission to seek out Britain's natural invaders. He's off to find out a bevy of botany and beasts, here by accident or design and now mingling with our native wildlife. A surprising array of plants and animals make this island far richer than you might think. Colonies of Indian scorpions, Tasmanian wallabies and giant American Bull frogs are obvious intruders. And yet rabbits, horseradish, doves and goats are also ancient invaders. This is the story of how Britain's wild invaders came here and how in some cases they've changed the face of Britain. On a journey from London to Loch Lomond, Mike will shed new light on our own backyard - British wildlife, sometimes exotic and sometimes familiar, but always surprising. Wildlife anyone can see once you know what to look for and where to start looking.
1170 ::: Magika (2010) ::: musical ::: "Magika", Malaysia's first musical feature film, tells the tale of two siblings Malik and Ayu as they embark on a journey in a surreal mythical world, where trees, animals and all flora & fauna converse... where good & bad are portrayed in a muted, non-violent manner. Their fairytale adventure takes us through popular Malay legends and myths, encountering numerous characters from Malay folklore such as Orang Bunian, Nenek Kebayan, Jin, Badang, Naga Tasik Chini, Hang Tuah and others... and last but not least, where Ayu and Malik discover the importance of family to overcome their fears in the mysterious, magical and musical world of "Magika"
1171 ::: Operace me dcery (1986) ::: drama ::: A car accident occurs and Dusan's teenage daughter Milena gets very seriously injured. To add insult to injury, Dusan is unable to donate a kidney when he finds out he is not Milena's biological father. Dusan is left to cope with his wife's infidelity, as well as the life of his ailing daughter.
1172 ::: The Hike (2016/II) ::: thriller ::: An estranged couple agree to meet for a hike. Derek arrives full of optimism and hope for the marriage. Brooke brings divorce papers for him to sign. A fight ensues just before the couple are eyed by a killer in hiding who terrorizes them, forcing them into a game of cat and mouse where Brooke and Derek will have to work together in order to survive.
1173 ::: N.1368597069 (2015) ::: short ::: A violent detonation of colors peacefully settles into a liquid cosmos, blurring the boundary between macro and micro. An unknown point of view captures nebulous glints, rays of eternal beauty in rapid succession. Water is a capsule that filters and transforms solid form into a primordial scream of echoed life. Energy is performing. Light, cracked into minuscule particles of glittery matter nurtures the cornea with disturbance. Motion is endless, constant. Motion is the transference of darkness into light. Form is reborn through applied mathematical functions transforming the content into an alter ego of itself. Digitization dies and becomes an impression.
1174 ::: A Place of Nightmares 2: Scary Nighttime Visit of the Abandoned Children's Asylum (2016) ::: short ::: Dan Bell goes on a second visit to an abandoned Baltimore children's asylum. This trip to the decaying building, suddenly vacated over 20 years ago, is even more chilling than the first exploration. The strewn debris and crumbling interior adds to the desolate, post-apocalyptic atmosphere of this middle of the night trip to the former psychiatric facility.
1175 ::: Black and Blue (2005) ::: drama ::: After the loss of her daughter and her husband in a car accident, Geena Howard attempts to live a normal life again, with the help of her girlfriend Katherine. When Alain Dubois, a French journalist suffering from amnesia, informs Geena that her daughter Rebecca is being held captive by a mysterious organization, Geena regains hope and decides to work with the journalist to find her daughter. They discover that Rebecca is the object of a major deal in connection with a rich German businessman, Breitner, and his little girl, Marlene, who is seriously ill. But as the research intensifies, Geena starts to question Alain's true intentions and suspects him to be a part of the organization. Despite her suspicions, she continues to work with the only man capable of saving her daughter's life.
1176 ::: "Saturday School" (2009) ::: comedy ::: After being punished and put into Saturday school, a group of weirdo students who never do their homework, become friends in this off the wall YouTube comedy series that gained recognition from the National Thespian Society as, "a quirky new comedy that is as original as it is weird"
1177 ::: The Man Who Sold the World (2009) ::: drama ::: It's the tragedy of a young man whose dream of universal happiness is so powerful an influence on him that he cannot allow himself to accept the personal happiness of marriage to a young, beautiful and devoted girl. Therefore, he goes insane.
1178 ::: The Michigan Experience: The American Civil War Years (2011) ::: history ::: In an unprecedented gesture of community spirit, seven leading news anchors from commercial stations around the state have joined us in the telling of Michigan's involvement in one of the most important events in American History. While every eighth grader in Michigan is taught the civil war, Michigan's tremendous contribution has become a part of lost history. We contributed over 90,000 men and one woman Sarah Emma Edmonds from Flint Michigan. There was General George Armstrong Custer who was from Monroe, Michigan. It was Michigan senator Jacob Howard who had a large hand in penning the 13th, 14th and 15th amendments to the Constitution. Nearly 15,000 brave and patriotic men gave their lives to preserve the Union. The Michigan Experience: The American Civil War Years offers viewers an unprecedented look at the hidden and forgotten stories of the lives of men and women and how they made sense of their role in the Civil War by telling stories using the narrative mode of living historians.
1179 ::: Black Friday: Dark Dawn II (2014) ::: war ::: In this sequel film to the Black Friday: Dark Dawn series, watch how the Marine Corps turns raw recruits into certified members of the world's most lethal fighting machine. Follow Senior Drill Instructor SSGT Nichols and his elite team for an exclusive behind-the-scenes look at United States Marine Corps boot camp. Learn what it takes to earn a position in the most feared and respected military force ever seen. Could you survive the toughest recruit training imaginable?
1180 ::: The Resistance (????) ::: short ::: In a dystopian near future, the United States has been overthrown by a totalitarian authority and is now known as The Regime Republic. Best friends Emma and Chloe, tired of the increasingly brutal reforms largely aimed at removing women from a place of importance in society, start an underground resistance movement. After their first plan is foiled by The Regime, they are joined by Chloe's girlfriend Christine, an ex-NSA agent and mysterious shadow player, Kwame, a chemistry professor from Ghana, and Avery, a young nurse. Together they must figure out a way to get the message of the resistance out before it is too late.
1181 ::: "Cantinflas, Su excelencia el peladito" (2001) ::: documentary ::: Mario Moreno Reyes, the creator of one the most outstanding comic characters in Mexico during the twentieth century, gave a voice to Cantinflas, the unique little poor guy from the neighborhood who, perfecting the art of not saying anything, achieved, better than anybody, true communication with the audience.
1182 ::: An American Life: The Journey from Violence to Hope (2011) ::: documentary ::: David Kaczynski reveals the untold story of turning in the most sort after criminal in US history, his brother Ted, the notorious Unabomber. Little did anyone foresee that in turning in your own brother, it changes how the game is played. No longer is there an "us vs. them". We are one. Piecing his own life back together, David's journey intersects with three others, Gary, Bud and Bill, who together put a face on the death penalty and unexpectedly place the American justice system on trial. In An American Journey we follow these four men as they travel from New York to Texas, from Oklahoma to California on a road that takes them beyond crime and punishment and into their hearts and minds. Now each must learn to make the most of his own disturbing fate.
1183 ::: Pride (1917) ::: drama ::: Eve Leslie is sent to boarding school. Proud of the fortune that has come to her she feels herself above Adam Moore, who loves her. Eugene D'Arcy, a powerful banker, who also suffers from pride and arrogance, meets Eve and wants her. In order that her pride may be further satisfied, she decides to marry a count. They elope, after eluding D'Arcy in an exciting chase, and board an ocean liner, bound for Europe. D'Arcy manages to catch the liner, as does Adam Moore, who stows away, hoping to protect her. Aboard the liner Adam manages to expose the bogus count and frustrate D'Arcy. Adam wins back his sweetheart after she has learned from bitter experience that a fall always follows pride. A fitting end comes to D'Arcy, who pays for his evil machinations that resulted from his false pride.
1184 ::: iGOD (2015) ::: documentary ::: People have been asking questions about God since the dawn of humankind and humanity's disagreements about the nature of God have often led to ethnic and religious warfare, the suppression of women, and the debasing of human dignity. Many religions have created rituals and dogmas that separate one from the other and cling to the belief that only they have the "one truth." But are any of them actually right? Can the true essence of God ever truly be understood or explained? iGod traces how the various belief systems about God have evolved into what exists in the present day, and then delves into the many questions about God that so many people have asked throughout history. Perhaps through this exploration we can finally begin to understand what God really is, what God wants, why we are here and how we can create a better world both for ourselves and future generations.
1185 ::: "StukTV" (2011) ::: reality-tv ::: StukTV is a Dutch YouTube channel starring Giel, Thomas and Stefan. Every week, viewers can submit a challenge that the 3 presenters have to perform. Every Wednesday at 17:00 a new challenge is uploaded. Every Saturday, a series is uploaded. Popular series include: Jachtseizoen (hunting season) and Roadtrippers.
1186 ::: Sarvam (2009) ::: thriller ::: After a man looses the love of his life in an accident, he sets out to find the boy her heart was donated to. But soon it is revealed that the boy himself need to be protected by a man, who wan't to kill him. So Karthik stays to protect the young boy, as he is the only thing he has left of Sandhya.
1187 ::: Le champignon (1970) ::: drama ::: A young physician becomes lonely when his workaholic wife ignores him to concentrate on her professional career. He is befriended by an older female artist who is fond of hallucinogenic mushrooms. When his wife is late for their anniversary celebration, he drinks and takes mushrooms with the artist. He wakes up to find she has died and is fearful he may have accidentally killed her.
1188 ::: Wahed Saheh (2011) ::: drama ::: Abdullah is a young single Interior Designer Engineer whose has many relationships with women that made him lose the right path for, He's trying to find a life partner from among four women met in his life, but each of them different details turning the link between him and them, the first is Dr. Farida (Rania Youssef), she's married to a businessman but represent the forbidden passion for Abdullah because He's having an affair her, then we find Maryam (Yasmin Raes), which represents the ideal mother for his children in the future and she is trying with all her best to marry him, and also his close friend Nadine (Basma) which is trying to not be more than a friend after her divorcing from his friend and his work-partner Fady (Amr Yousef). Finally there's Amira (Kinda Alloush) his only lover as he's in love with her years ago but because of her different religion she refuses to marry him, as spotted heuristic role of the mother (Zizi Badrawi) prominent in the life of her son and trying to persuade him to marry and assisted by his friend. Abdullah (Hani Salama) is a young single Interior Designer Engineer whose has many relationships with women that made him lose the right path for, He's trying to find a life partner from among four women met in his life, but each of them different details turning the link between him and them, the first is Dr. Farida (Rania Youssef), she's married to a businessman but represent the forbidden passion for Abdullah because He's having an affair her, then we find Maryam (Yasmin Raes), which represents the ideal mother for his children in the future and she is trying with all her best to marry him, and also his close friend Nadine (Basma) which is trying to not be more than a friend after her divorcing from his friend and his work-partner Fady (Amr Yousef). Finally there's Amira (Kinda Alloush) his only lover as he's in love with her years ago but because of her different religion she refuses to marry him, as spotted heuristic role of the mother (Zizi Badrawi) prominent in the life of her son and trying to persuade him to marry and assisted by his friend.
1189 ::: Milanesi a Napoli (1954) ::: comedy ::: Some Neapolitans help a firm from Milan to establish two factories in Naples : one produces TV dinner pizzas the other manufactures lace. The owner of a pizza joint and a woman who makes lace at home are against the project.
1190 ::: Kapirasong langit (????) ::: drama ::: When their son Noel died, it is as if Albert (Albert Martinez) and Sara (Liezel Martinez) died with him. Their happy home became an empty mausoleum. But their uneasy tranquility is about to be disturbed by Ariel (John Pratts), a family friend's precocious son. Ariel is to stay with them for several weeks while his parents are finalizing their divorce. Will Ariel's arrival finally by the impetus that forces Albert and Sara to confront their pain, re-examine their lives and finally accept their son's death and move on?
1191 ::: The Eyes of Kate Summer (2019) ::: thriller ::: FBI profiler Jim Danford is assigned a complex case involving the murder of both men and women. When Jim tracks down the prime suspect, a tense stand-off goes awry blinding hostage and promising young singer Kate Summer. With the killer still on the loose, he must protect Kate from becoming the next victim.
1192 ::: Silver Lining (2016) ::: short ::: Silver Lining is a short movie that portraits the story of Enea, a young man that moved in London to be a musician and soon realizes the way to his dream is longer and steeper than he thought. Enea carries the weight of the past with him, an emotionally troubled brother back at home and a long way to walk before he can reach his future. He goes through many difficulties before he can see hope for himself and falls in love with the incredible city that London is. The main theme of this story is music, which is also the silver lining, the quiet after the storm, the future. Silver Lining is also about friendship, heart-break and art in general, and the flavor of the city of London. We want to give our audience a very important and basic message: it doesn't matter where you come from, what matters is where you are going. In life we have to keep moving.
1193 ::: Mosaferan (1991) ::: drama ::: A young woman's wedding becomes a ritual of mourning when her sister and family die in an auto accident on the way to the wedding. The sisters' mother refuses to accept her daughter's death, and in the midst of wedding guests and mourners, including the drivers of the truck that caused the accident, she orders the wedding to take place. But how can the daughter marry in the midst of a wake and without the family's traditional mirror, which the sister was bringing to the service? The film is transcendental in its resolution.
1194 ::: Akela (????) ::: comedy ::: When an inexperienced scout leader decides to compete for the SuperScout Award she accidentally leads her scouts into a private safari park, where they are forced to confront criminal Park Rangers, a group of vengeful, heavily-armed girl scouts, and their own lack of scouting skills.
1195 ::: Why Anzac with Sam Neill (2015) ::: history ::: Sam Neill confronts the Anzac Century through the lens of his family's military tradition. He uncovers forgotten truths that reveal the power of the enduring myth of Anzac that still haunts Australia and New Zealand's histories. Filmed in a score of international locations and against a background of continuing turmoil, Sam's sharing of poignant, intimate stories suggests the universality of our need to remember in ways that may offer redemption.
1196 ::: The Mole (2001) ::: adult ::: Two sexy spies question a Latin American woman suspected of being an enemy agent acting as a mole in the Agency. The woman is kept bound and gagged in the basement between interrogations. Agents for a rival government capture all three spies and soon the women are topless, handcuffed, gagged and dangling from the ceiling.
1197 ::: Relative Dysfunction (2003) ::: short ::: Jordyn is trapped in modern suburban Hell. Fleeing the neglect of her parents, she tries to find her own voice and her own crowd. She runs with a wild crowd and when the depression follows her into her new life she self-medicates against it, resorting finally to a life of thievery and prostitution when the money runs out.
1198 ::: Ma'am May We Go Out? (1985) ::: comedy ::: Soriano brothers Dennis, Chipipoy/Chip, and Jeff are bums who do odd jobs to earn a living, including driving a jeepney. Their lives take a different turn after meeting Atty. Aga Agaton, who told them that they are long-lost heirs of a US-based millionaire. Per the millionaire's will, the brothers would claim his inheritance as long as they finish high school or else the lawyer will take it all. The brothers enroll at the Rajah Putih High School where their age turns them into the butt of their classmates' jokes. The brothers eventually befriend a group of students after saving them from thugs. They also seek help from Einstein, the class' resident genius, in order to get away with the most difficult subjects.
1199 ::: How Are You (2011) ::: documentary ::: HOW ARE YOU is a remarkable documentary about two now famous artists. The film brings us back to when they fell in love with each other and started working together. And even though the two young rebels started out shooting salt water into their veins, they ended up meeting a real queen at the peak of their fame. In an astonishing few years Michael Elmgreen and Ingar Dragset have become some of the biggest stars in the international art world. In a sharp, playful and humorous way they pinpoint important themes such as identity, sexuality, welfare and democracy. With simple twists and turns they make us confront ourselves and make us face the conformity and tightness of everyday life and our idiosyncrasies. The film not only displays a strong selection of their works - and the makings of these. It also strings out their carrier from when the pink-knitting clown helped the emerging artist to create an Instant Baby - to the grand opening and prize reception in the 2009 edition of the Biennale in Venice.
1200 ::: Wild and Wonderful (1964) ::: comedy ::: Cognac, a pampered poodle and popular star on French television, creates marital problems for his pretty owner Giselle when he becomes jealous of her new husband.
1201 ::: Black Eyed Dog (2006) ::: drama ::: While a shocking series of crimes occur in a community along the Miramichi River, the life of Betty, a waitress in her thirties, takes an unexpected turn. She will not make her debut as a singer on the world stage after all but in her hometown that she had been planning to leave for a long time.
1202 ::: Exquisite Corpses (2011) ::: short ::: Exquisite Corpses is a formal study that alludes to the decay of cinema and the advancing of digital film through a series of devolving images from the history of photography, and early motion picture technology. Director Dana Plays uses random chance operations of the exquisite corpse, by creating vertical triptychs, and mixed frame combinations, of stacked motion picture footage of Muybridge's horse in motion, Edison early toys with her own footage shot with a 16mm camera of the subway train arriving at the station, and animal locomotion study she shot in high speed digital cinematography. The exquisite corpse was a word and picture game used by the surrealists and later a child's game that evolved into a triptych of a drawing made with a paper folded in threes. Ultimately the film is a reflexive comment on narrativity as it interweaves image and text, of Plays' evolving historical project, the story of Ottilie Moore, her great aunt who provided safe haven for refuges, including the Jewish at Villa L'Hermitage, in Villefranche sur- Mer, in the late 30s and early 40s. Through complex structural and formal approaches, including vertical and horizontal structures, Plays visually explores the intersections between private and public histories, making metaphorical connections between location, setting and place, oral and written story telling and refers to the devolving process of history of motion picture film, from the silent era with use of inter-title text and image combinations. This piece was made by Plays using her digital JK Optical Printer optical printer to reprocess found footage she salvaged from dumpsters. The piece has evolved from a series of digital installations exhibited in Prague, Czech Republic, at the Skolska 28 Gallery, and an earlier permutation of this piece exhibited as part of the Film Lingual II exhibition, at C. Emerson Fine Arts Gallery in St. Petersburg Florida curated by Lori Johns.
1203 ::: La stratégie de la poussette (2012) ::: comedy ::: Parisian Thomas Platz is suddenly made the guardian of a baby - then pretends to be its real father in order to win back Marie, the girlfriend who dumped him a year before. Stuck between staying a man-child forever, and proving he is ready to take the next steps of marriage and family with the love of his life, Thomas goes on an unexpectedly hilarious adventure getting the girl of his dreams to believe he has changed.
1204 ::: The Darling of Paris (1917) ::: drama ::: A gypsy girl with her foster-mother arrive in the French Capital where her beauty attracts the attention of the Apaches, and she becomes a member of their band. Her beauty attracts Claude Frallo, a scientist of note. She repulses him, as she has already fallen in love with Captain Phoebus. During a visit of the gypsy girl in the apartment of the handsome captain, Frallo kills the captain and makes his escape. Upon the arrival of the Gendarmes, Esmaralda is placed under arrest charged with the murder. Esmaralda is subjected to torture to make her confess, but is defiant, knowing that she is innocent. The bell ringer of the cathedral, Quasimodo, who secretly worships the Gypsy girl, becomes her protector. When Frallo visits the prisoner the bell ringer interferes. There is a struggle and the former is hurled from a parapet and killed. Again the girl appears before the tribunal. Put on the rack, she admits the murder of the captain. Just as Esmaralda is to be guillotined, the bell ringer gives the true version of the murder, implicating Frallo whom he killed. Quasimodo, the plucky bell ringer, who was Esmaralda's protector, and her liberator, becomes her husband.
1205 ::: Leaving Home (1972) ::: drama ::: The teleplay focuses on the Mercer family, and is part of French's series of plays that revolve around that family, including Salt Water Moon, 1949, Of The Fields, Lately, and Soldier's Heart. In Leaving Home, the Mercer family is in the throes of preparations for their youngest son's (Bill) wedding to a young lady (Kathy) he has gotten pregnant. As they sit down for dinner the night of the wedding rehearsal, things erupt when Ben, the elder son, reveals he is moving out as well. Minnie, Kathy's mother, arrives and throws a wrench into the proceedings, bringing up the relationship she once shared with Jacob. When it's revealed that Kathy has had a miscarriage, the teens are left to choose whether or not they will continue with their wedding plans.
1206 ::: 10 ms (2015) ::: documentary ::: This film is a journey of Julian Clavijo in Australia; an artist and an immigrant. After participating in the Costa Rica national swimming team and losing his chance to be in the Costa Rica Olympic swimming team for the Beijing 2008 Olympics by just 10ms, he decided to move to Australia to study English. This is then when he start questioning his life and decided to become a full time artist and give his a life meaning, to transmit a message through his art
1207 ::: Touched by Water (2006) ::: documentary ::: Welcome to Planet Water, where Homo Aquaticus has developed a myriad of ways to experience water. Touched by Water is a documentary that dives into the lush world of bathing. From the holiest rituals to fashionable leisure, the film looks at various bathing cultures, and explores our essential bond with water. Filmed in 13 countries, Touched by Water conveys our complex relationship with water, its sensual pleasure and spiritual renewal.
1208 ::: As Virgins Fall (2003) ::: thriller ::: August 8, 1969. The hottest night of the summer. Amid sex, drugs and the Vietnam War, a privileged teenage girl is about to learn that no one is safe. High in the Hollywood Hills, her life will become inextricably tied to the grim "Manson Family" murders when she grows up in a single, shocking night.
1209 ::: Sunshine Girl (2011) ::: comedy ::: Savannah is a very rich and famous pop singer, and she decides to enjoy the day at her Malibu mansion with her girlfriends playing in the pool, laying in the sun, singing and dancing a poolside concert for her fans, and sharing some behind the scenes access.
1210 ::: Sakura, futatabi no Kanako (2013) ::: drama ::: Yoko lost her young daughter Kanako through an accident and she grieves heavily. The guilt that Yoko feels drives her to commit suicide in her daughter's bedroom. Yoko is saved, but, since then, acts strange. Meanwhile, her husband Nobuki wants to get her out of the situation and support his wife. One day, Yoko meets a pregnant female high school student, Masami. Yoko becomes confident that the baby the student carries is her daughter Kanako reincarnated. ~~~ Based on the novel "Futatabi no Kanako" by Kiyomi Niitsu (published August, 2000).
1211 ::: Guai ren guai shi (1974) ::: comedy ::: Former child actor and award winning Hong Kong martial-arts movie idol David Chiang directs and stars in this Chang Cheh sponsored outing which is a surprisingly liberal and progressive departure from their usual conservative themes as found in their signature martial arts resume. Instead, fans are refreshingly treated to this mature kaleidescope of comic sketches more along the lines of Li Han Hsiang's late filmography portraying human nature and man's search for love and desire, infidelity and sex during the free-wheeling 1970s in contemporary Hong Kong. Highlights of this satiric anthology include a youth who upholds his chivalry in the presence of his besieged girlfriend threatened by a gang of street thugs, a handsome bachelor cruising for action with tastes that aren't what it appears to be, a well-heeled established businessman with a propensity to frequent seedy love hotels or an outrageous raincoat clad flasher who is emasculated by an equally brazen female flasher counterpart and more. Co-stars Shaw luminaries including the director's thespian wife Maggie Lee and his brother Paul Chin Pei with a supporting cast including Shaw beauties Shirley Huang and Chen Ching, Kung Fu actors Philip Kwok, Lu Ti and Li Hoi Sheng, Cantonese screen legends Lee Heung Kam and Tam Bik Mun and with cameo appearances by Tina Chin Fei, Wu Ma and Adam Cheng.
1212 ::: Doubles (2011) ::: drama ::: Giri (Mammootty) and Gowri (Nadia Moidu) are twin brother and sister. When they were young they lost their parents in an accident, which is why they had to grew up in an orphanage. When they became adults they established a rescue team in the memory of their late parents. Through an accident they get meet a mysterious girl, Saira Banu (Tapsee Pannu) and interesting things started to happen.
1213 ::: What's Up, Doc? (1972) ::: comedy ::: Two researchers have come to San Francisco to compete for a research grant in Music. One seems a bit distracted, and that was before he meets her. A strange woman seems to have devoted her life to confusing and embarassing him. At the same time a woman has her jewels stolen and a government whistle blower arrives with his stolen top secret papers. All, of course have the same style and color overnight bag. This is the comic tale of four identical pieces of red plaid luggage and one San Francisco hotel, in the spirit of Howard Hawks but made by Peter Bogdanovich. One bag contains secret government files, another has expensive jewels and a third has igneous rocks. It is unclear what is in the fourth bag, carried by the would-be erudite Judy Maxwell...but all four bags end up at the Hotel Bristol. Judy has a yen for food and Dr. Howard Bannister and no "off" button. Dr. Bannister (deliciously deadpan and hunky, Ryan O'Neal) has a yen for igneous rock formations. When all four bags are hopelessly mixed up and Eunice, Howard's prim and bossy fiance (unforgettably played by Madeline Kahn) is kidnapped, only the long arm of the law, (i.e. the judiciary), can make any sense of the chaos. There are no palaeontologists or tigers but there are madcap antics, the obligatory San Francisco chase scenes and several clever one-liners. Howard Bannister travels to San Fransisco with his fiancé to compete for a musicology research grant, when he runs into a wild, unpredictable college drop out who brings "havoc and chaos everywhere (she) goes." Add to this a case of mistaken luggage, a jewel theft, and some government spies, and several plot twists. Mild mannered Dr. Howard Bannister is a professor of musicology at the Ames Conservatory of Music in Ames, Iowa. With his straight laced and controlling fiancée Eunice Burns, Howard is in San Francisco to attend the Congress of American Musicologists convention hosted by Frederick Larrabee. The Larrabee Foundation has shortlisted two finalists for the $20,000 Larrabee Grant, the two being pompous Hugh Simon and Howard, whose research involves prehistoric man making music with igneous rocks. Howard's life in San Francisco is turned upside down when he meets Judy Maxwell, a klutzy, directionless but brilliant young woman whose life is spent studying at one educational institution after another, her stint at each being until she's kicked out. It's love at first sight for Judy, who does whatever she can to insinuate herself into Howard's life. Further complications ensue as Howard, Judy, wealthy Mrs. Van Hoskins and reporter Mr. Smith - the latter two who are staying at the same hotel as Howard - all have the identical red plaid overnight bag respectively carrying Howard's igneous rocks, Judy's clothes, Mrs. Van Hoskins jewels and top secret government documents, the latter two which are eyed by others who are trying to get their hands on the contents.
1214 ::: Rivalry (2019) ::: drama ::: For half a year, two basketball stars from two different high schools bring fire to the court. Known by both high schools as the biggest rivalry that locals have ever seen, an unforeseen turn of events forces all-stars Seth Fields and James Tanner to work side-by-side.
1215 ::: Les 3 p'tits cochons (2007) ::: comedy ::: Two brothers (Legault, Lemay-Thivierge) discuss the positive and negative aspects of adultery as their mother lies beside them in a coma, while their brother Rémi (Doucet) attempts to discourage them. Their conversations become more explicit as time passes.
1216 ::: The Adventures of Mary-Kate & Ashley: The Case of the Logical i Ranch (1994) ::: short ::: Mystery! Action! Songs! Join Detectives Mary-Kate and Ashley as they undertake daring adventures. Pack your gear and help the Trenchcoat Twins investigate the danger that lurks. Along with their sidekick dog, Clue, Mary-Kate and Ashley promise to "solve any crime by dinner time." In this episode, the Olsen and Olsen Mystery Agency has been hired by three cowboys from Dead Gulch, USA to explore the mystery of the missing cattle at The Logical i Ranch!
1217 ::: Unlimited Women (2017) ::: documentary ::: Men have dominated the world since the beginning of human history. But there is only domination when one submits to it. Understanding women's responsibility for perpetuating gender inequality is critical if they are to leave the role of victim and begin to transform their reality from themselves. Awakening this awareness is the goal of this documentary created to empower women.
1218 ::: Bed of the Dead (2016) ::: horror ::: Four twentysomethings find themselves stuck on a haunted antique bed where leaving means suffering a gruesome death. Plagued with frightening hallucinations, they must figure out the bed's secrets before they are ultimately picked off one by one.
1219 ::: Boeunui kijeok (1967) ::: drama ::: At the end of WWII, Hanako, a Japanese woman, becomes separated from her daughter while going from Manchuria to Japan. She adopts a boy that she finds wandering on the streets of Seoul. Twenty years later, she learns that her daughter is alive and was raised by the parents of her adopted son
1220 ::: Porfirio Díaz: el Centenario, capítulo I. El hombre de Oaxaca (2015) ::: documentary ::: When in 1876 Porfirio Díaz reached the presidency of Mexico, he had a very valuable resource than only a few counted with: the vast knowledge about his country acquired thanks to his remarkable participation in the Ayutla revolution and successive Reformation and Intervention wars. Besides this before mentioned political and military knowledge, Díaz had accumulated a good amount of empirical wisdom based on the everyday encounters with people from all of Mexico's regions and social conditions. The program's central topics reflect the arduous personal formation of the General from Oaxaca, as well as how time helped him forge his talent as a governor.
1221 ::: Rude Tube (2008) ::: comedy ::: A fast-paced review of the video viral revolution; the pop culture phenomena that is changing the way we watch, and what we watch, making superstars out of nobodies and sharing the most private of moments with a potential audience of billions.
1222 ::: Momentary Lapse of Reason (2017) ::: short ::: MLR is based on the concept of a momentary lapse of reason which is a sudden moment of clarity and understanding of something which ends just as quickly as it begins. The film follows the character Rachel through a series of strange occurrence's that will leave the viewer questioning both her mental health and the world around her.
1223 ::: Khamushiye darya (2003) ::: drama ::: Siavash left Iran years ago illegally and lives in Sweden with his wife and two children. Realizing he wants to go back for a visit, he decides the best place to go is a free port, which doesn't require a visa. Being there he feels he is in Iran, but it does not fully satisfy his nostalgic longing, as his old home is on the mainland. On the island, Siavash comes face to face with the danger that awaits him if he returns home and he must decide what is most important to him: his future or his past.
1224 ::: Saving Flora (????) ::: drama ::: Flora is a circus elephant who can no longer perform her tricks. The night before she's scheduled to be euthanized, the circus owner's 14-year old daughter, Dawn, sneaks Flora from the circus. All that stands between them and the safety of the elephant preserve is two hundred kilometers of woods, one raging river, two elephant hunters and the fear of not making it.
1225 ::: We've Got It Simple (2015) ::: documentary ::: "WE'VE GOT IT SIMPLE" - A feature length documentary film that will expose and celebrate the wondrous glow of the completely creative, uniquely artistic and often obsessively fanatical world of Phish fans! What started with a single show way back in 1983 has since blossomed into a three decade long career of four virtuoso musicians and one of the most unique and fascinating bands to ever grace a stage. While PHISH approached the 30th anniversary of the band's first show, Philly Philms began pre-production on "We've Got It Simple" while touring with the band in the summer, fall and holiday tours of 2013. While traversing the lots with his camera in hand, director Mike Lawrence, a Phish fan himself for nearly 20 years shot interviews and B-roll from coast to coast while building a strong base for the film and full production which shoots through 2014. From the earliest days in Vermont to the 30th Anniversary shows in Madison Square Garden, Phish fans have changed and evolved alongside the band. The unique community that has spawned from the band and their music is the focus of the film with a specific slant on the creative and artistic world that Phish fans reside in. From the smallest trinkets sold on lot that allow fans to "tour" with the band each year to the established worlds of pin and poster artists, Phish fans have in sense created an underground art collective made up entirely of fans of the band, who create, sell, trade and very often give art to each other in the community. What began as a simple means to pay for the next show has blossomed into a highly creative sub-culture that deserves to be celebrated. Further, this sub-culture is really a legitimate community of people, from all over the country and from all walks of life. A community that thrives on positive energy and is fueled by music. This community exists and is a direct result of one thing, the band Phish and their music. Their intent is all for our delight, and always has been. We've Got It Simple.. we truly do. So not only is this film an attempt to shed some light on such an eclectic and amazing community that we are a part of but also as a way to say thank you to the band. In the end, all of us Phish heads will have collectively created a film, a piece of permanent art, that will not only tell our story from the inside-out but also serve as a 30th Anniversary Gift from us, the fans.. to them, the band!
1226 ::: Lone Rivers (2013) ::: drama ::: The story of two brothers who grew up in a broken home. Their mother was killed in a car accident when they were young and their father is an abusive alcoholic. The oldest brother is the father figure to his younger brother which makes for some hard times. Logan, the oldest finds a love interest who shows him that life doesn't have to be so hard.
1227 ::: Eternal Mash (2007) ::: documentary ::: Ruurd Walrecht's interest of historical crops began when he was very young. He started a life long crusade to protect, preserve and maintain them. This Dutch Don Quichote of rare vegetables built an incredible collection of hundreds of crops that were on the brink of extinction. Suddenly, Ruurd moved to Sweden leaving his colourful mix of helpers behind. They tell the story of this master horticulturist and his Green Ark. Because his life work is very important to all of us.
1228 ::: "Redress Remix" (2010) ::: documentary ::: Redress Remix tackles one of the most controversial Canadian government decisions of our time: the official 2006 apology to the Chinese Canadian community for the Head Tax and Exclusion Act of 1923. The documentary film uses a unique approach that includes animation techniques, newly composed music and testimonial interviews, to reveal to audiences the events that shaped the Redress movement and led to the official Government apology and its influence on a new generation of Chinese Canadians.
1229 ::: Fear of Silent Hill (2016) ::: horror ::: Fear of Silent hill is a movie based mostly on the life of the abused 14-year old girl Alessa, who on some times become friends with the young girl Alma Wade who in some ways is very similar to Alessa. Alma's real age is unknown. But with her story she alluding that she in a young age became pregnant and birthed a baby. (Still very similar to Alessa) who is also known as Being the biologic mom to Cheryl/Heather Mason (who is also seen in the movie) living a hard life where everything goes wrong, and nobody Cares about the girl Alessa. One of her only friends (Claudia wolf) tries just to help her but Alessa insist that, She knows what ever to do. But it seems like things just went down then..
1230 ::: "CineDopes" (2014) ::: comedy ::: CINEDOPES is the first movie theater to legally offer marijuana for you to toke up while you enjoy your cinematic experience. Centered around the inept staff of a small independent movie theater full of employees who have trouble running their own lives let alone a business. Mayhem ensues around every corner as they desperately try to turn a profit.
1231 ::: After the Tone (2014) ::: drama ::: We hear voice-mail messages, recorded on the mobile phone of a certain Onno. We see images of different places, varying from a business park to a palm beach in the Pacific. On the day that Onno is announced to have won an important prize, he is untraceable. He doesn't return anybody's calls left on his voice-mail. His associate Adriaan is waiting for him with an important Japanese business relation, his girlfriend Saskia wants to meet up in the evening, his sister Annet reminds him of his father's birthday, his mother asks him to bring a cake. Gradually it becomes apparent that Onno has disappeared, and no one knows where and why. Who was Onno actually for him to suddenly disappear? Did friends and family overlook that he wasn't all right? Did they even have real contact with him? We follow a year's worth of messages: an emotional roller coaster of anger, denial, despair and eventually resignation wherein all these people find themselves. At the end, only Onno's girlfriend Saskia is left. She is far away, at the last place where a transaction has been made with Onno's credit card. She still waits for him. Maybe one day, they will see each other.
1232 ::: Dennis van Rita (2006) ::: drama ::: Shy, gentle half-wit Dennis, whose only obsession is train-spotting, is released early on account of good behavior after a rape sentence. His parents who run a modest barbershop, skeptic André and Rita, desperately try to keep him out of girl trouble, but his victim's sister Barbara starts a hate campaign. After another girl reports abuse, Dennis is jailed and beaten black and blue daily. Barbara's boyfriend, lawyer Thomas Verelst, accepts to help 'pro deo' (no cost) and pleads that Dennis belongs in a mental institution.
1233 ::: Double X: The Name of the Game (1992) ::: thriller ::: An American (Michael Cooper) arrives at a quiet Scottish hotel where he meets an Englishman (Maurice Rigby). As Maurice walks out towards his car it suddenly explodes!! Cooper picks up Rigby who tells him The Mob is trying to kill him. This is a story of British gangsters in the 90s, betrayal and "Double Cross".
1234 ::: Childish Things (1969) ::: drama ::: Alcoholic ex-GI goes to work collecting debts for gangsters, commits various crimes, then has a religious conversion and helps other alcoholics.
1235 ::: Jumping Jacks (1952) ::: comedy ::: Hap Smith, nightclub entertainer, has a new act since his former partner Chick Allen joined the army: with lovely new partner Betsy Carter, Hap plays a clownish parody of a soldier. Meanwhile, Chick is organizing a soldier show at Fort Benning and finds he needs his old partner's help. To get onto the base, Hap impersonates a hapless real soldier, Dogface Dolan; but circumstances force them to prolong the masquerade, creating an increasingly tangled Army-sized snafu.
1236 ::: Failing Grace (2017) ::: thriller ::: Maggie Novak is living the quietest life she can. She lives with her younger sister, Grace, and they keep to themselves. Maggie is trying to make sure that Jack Elligott never finds them, if he should return from his watery grave. Jack, Maggie's ex-boyfriend, became dangerously obsessed with Grace. He was so far gone into his madness, that he killed the sisters' parents and tried to murder Maggie. But she survived. He didn't. Or so she thought. Now five years later, a much older Maggie and Grace are about to leave town for a fun weekend with friends. But unbeknownst to the girls, Jack's got them right where he wants them. And he will stop at nothing until he gets his girl.
1237 ::: Inbetween (2015) ::: comedy ::: INBETWEEN is an original web-series set in Los Angeles about a week in the lives of four seemingly unrelated characters, working for a larger than life Greek female owner of a prestigious restaurant in West Hollywood. Stuck in between their dreams and reality, waiting on chance and the colorful clientele of the rich, famous and peculiar, the choices all of the protagonists decide to make, will turn their world upside down and change their lives forever. INBETWEEN bridges the style of ENTOURAGE and SEINFELD and was conceived as a follow up and homage to the popular romantic comedy 'My Big Fat Greek Wedding'
1238 ::: The Whole World at Our Feet (2015) ::: action ::: Only one lusted glance brings Aliya to the events throwing her into the criminal ocean. But in the wirliging of passions and turmoil when she finds herself at the verge of fatality it's only her true love that is the only rescue.Now the most important thing for Aliya is to preserve the honor and dignity and the whole world will be at our feet.
1239 ::: Invisible Things (2017) ::: drama ::: 17 year old Kate Daniels is no stranger to the world of mental illness, but when the problems of those around her start to pile up, she realizes that maybe they aren't the ones she should be worrying about. After her sister is diagnosed with OCD, Kate and her family need to make some changes. Kate's journey introduces audiences to issues like alcoholism, depression, and finally suicide.
1240 ::: A New Understanding: Science of Psilocybin (2015) ::: documentary ::: A New Understanding explores the treatment of end-of-life anxiety in terminally ill cancer patients using psilocybin, a psychoactive compound found in some mushrooms, to facilitate deeply spiritual experiences. The documentary explores the confluence of science and spirituality in the first psychedelic research studies since the 1970s with terminally ill patients. As a society we devote a great deal of attention to treating cancer, but very little to treating the human being who is dying of cancer. The recent resurgence of psychedelic research is once again revealing the power of compounds like psilocybin to profoundly alter our understanding of both life and death. Through the eyes of patients, their loved ones, therapists, and researchers, A New Understanding examines the use of psilocybin in a controlled setting to reduce psychospiritual anxiety, depression, and physical pain. The treatment aims to help the patient understand that a 'good' death is possible, and to help the patient's family deal well with the dying process. A New Understanding shows patients and their families coming to terms with dying through the skillful treatment of the whole human being. If we can learn to work more skillfully with dying, we will also learn to take better care of life.
1241 ::: The Ride (2017/I) ::: short ::: Three friends, Toni, Lauren, and Rachel party the night away not expecting what the morning would bring. When the night is coming to an end, one of the friends, Toni, finds a hot guy she wants to end the night with. Not remembering the guy in the corner she embarrassed moments before when he tried to approach her. When morning comes, Toni and her one-night stand depart ways he calls her a car service. It is none other than the broken-heart guy from the night before. When she realize who he is, he takes her on more than just a ride home.
1242 ::: "Get Your Life" (2015) ::: comedy ::: When she realizes New York's grind is 'bout to grind her up, the comedian, and more, Amanda Seales, decides it's time to book a one way ticket to the west side! A single black woman and LA transplant, she gets busy working her way, through the bs, to the big time while attempting to find love or at least someone worth liking on the way! #GetYourLifeSeries When she realizes New York's grind is 'bout to grind her up, comedian, Amanda Seales, decides it's time to book a one way ticket to the west side! A single black woman and LA transplant, she gets busy working her way, through the bs, to the big time while attempting to find love or at least someone worth liking on the way! #GetYourLifeSeries Get Your Life is an edgy scripted comedy about the very non-scripted life of comedian/actress Amanda Seales and her continuing effort to keep it real and find the funny amidst dating cornballs, Hollywood bs, and being a new New Yorker to Los Angeles.
1243 ::: "Ink" (1996) ::: comedy ::: Kate and Mike, married journalists working in the same office, have just gotten divorced. To avoid having to continue to work together, Kate goes to her boss to resign and pursue a job offer at another paper, only to discover that her editor has just taken that job. Instead, she is given the vacant post, and now becomes Mike's boss.
1244 ::: The Incredible Adventures of Professor Branestawm (2014) ::: family ::: Schoolgirl Connie wants to learn science, not deportment, and gets her chance when she takes a broken clock to eccentric inventor Professor Branestawm, who offers to teach her. However snide councillor Haggerstone wants to knock down Branestawm's house and replace it with Mr Bullimore's giant munitions factory. The townsfolk are against the idea until the professor's tea-making machine causes chaos at a council meeting and he is forbidden to invent anything until his inventor's permit is found. Evil Bullimore attempts to steal the permit and burn down the town hall blaming Branestawm but the tea-making machine proves to be a superb fire extinguisher and Branestawm is declared a hero
1245 ::: Young Lady Chatterley (1977) ::: drama ::: Cynthia inherits her aunt's large estate and moves in. She reads her aunt's diary and finds out (and graphically imagines) how she was taught in the ways of love by her gardener in 1901 at the age of 21. She decides to continue the fruitful relationship to the personnel and gets it on with the handsome young gardener herself.
1246 ::: Oblivion Season (2014) ::: drama ::: An ex-prostitute starts a new life by marrying her loved one but leaving the shadow of her dark past is not as easy as it seemed before. Now she is the prisoner of her loved one and to earn her freedom she should fight with the with the masculine society.
1247 ::: The Devil's Gulch (1926) ::: western ::: Ace Remsen and Deuce Remsen are twin brothers. Deuce is a bandit and he is slain by Ace. The good Ace goes undercover as Deuce in order to solve the murder of the rancher Seth Waverly. During his investigation Ace falls in love with Seth's attractive daughter Waverly.
1248 ::: The Meat Tricks (2005) ::: documentary ::: An intriguing documentary about the daily running of a door-to-door frozen meat company during an annual corporate contest called The Masters Tournament. The idea of the contest is a simple one...bring together the top two-man teams who could sell the most meat in one week's time. The film follows Chris and Joe as they make their way around Florida trying to unload 144 cases of meat to unsuspecting customers. The film captures a truly unique portrait of what takes place inside the homes of everyday Americans.
1249 ::: "Secret City" (2016) ::: thriller ::: Political journalist Harriet Dunkley sees the gutted body of a young man washed up on the lakeshore she suspects a conspiracy and determines that, whatever the personal or professional cost, she must pursue a story that could overturn everything Australians believe about our Government and our place in the world.
1250 ::: Dawn's Early Light: Ralph McGill and the Segregated South (1988) ::: documentary ::: Colorful, outspoken, a man of many contradictions, Ralph McGill emerged during the troubled years of the 1950s and '60s as a prominent and influential Southern white opponent of segregation and one of America's most revered newspaper editors. As he became convinced of the injustice of segregation and the inevitability of change, McGill used his front-page editorial column in the Atlanta Constitution as a Southern forum for his distinctive blend of moral outrage and pragmatic moderation. McGill's life is a touchstone for understanding the complex array of forces that dramatically reshaped the South and America in the quarter-century after World War II. Academy Award winner Burt Lancaster is the voice of Ralph McGill in Dawn's Early Light. Prominent figures such as Julian Bond, Tom Brokaw, Jimmy Carter, John Lewis, Vernon Jordan, Herman Talmadge, Sander Vanocur, Andrew Young, Pulitzer Prize winning journalists Harry Ashmore, Eugene Patterson and Claude Sitton and many others bring the era to life through their vivid recollections. These elements are blended with rare archival film, compelling contemporary images and a rich musical score to create an unusually moving and evocative film.
1251 ::: Hathi (2000) ::: drama ::: 5000 years ago, in India, men started to capture and tame elephants for war, parades and worship. Still today, the young Makbul grows up in daily contact with the wild and domesticated elephants that live in the forest around his native village in southern India. Over the objections of his mother, Makbul follows in the footsteps of his father and grandfather, going deep into the forest to learn the age-old profession of the mahout, or elephant handler in the government's employ. When an elephant calf named Vikrama is born, the animal is placed under Makbul's care. The boy raises and trains the elephant, but when his father dies, Makbul now head of the family but too young to be hired by the forest department, must seek work in the neighboring villages, away from the elephants. The bond between Makbul and the life of his forebears is too strong, and as he passes into adulthood, his destiny of becoming a mahout is fulfilled. But times have changed, the forest operations have come to an end and no longer require the elephants and their handlers. Vikrama is sold and Makbul is charged with delivering the elephant to its buyer. They head off across India, further and further away from the world of the forests, up to an animal fair in the north. There, Makbul understands that the buyer is a corrupt dealer who has obtained the elephant at Government rate only to sell it at a higher price to someone else. Vikrama is placed in the care of a rougher mahout and kills him. Calamity ensues, and only Makbul can save Vikrama from further misfortune. And so they begin the long journey into an uncertain future, a man and an elephant bound together by centuries of tradition but with less and less of a place in this world to call their own.
1252 ::: "Before & After'noon Movies" (2001) ::: documentary ::: We're going to take a tomboy and give her everything she needs to ascend to the throne. From hair and make-up to finding that perfect dress, we'll set her up for the date of a lifetime. Plus, to prep her for her inevitable victory dance, we'll bring in an instructor to show her a few moves.
1253 ::: El botón de nácar (2015) ::: documentary ::: The ocean contains the history of all humanity. The sea holds all the voices of the earth and those that come from outer space. Water receives impetus from the stars and transmits it to living creatures. Water, the longest border in Chile, also holds the secret of two mysterious buttons which were found on its ocean floor. Chile, with its 2,670 miles of coastline and the largest archipelago in the world, presents a supernatural landscape. In it are volcanoes, mountains and glaciers. In it are the voices of the Patagonian Indigenous people, the first English sailors and also those of its political prisoners. Some say that water has memory. This film shows that it also has a voice.
1254 ::: The Broken Road (2007) ::: drama ::: Miles Rodden is a misguided, homeless young man whose brother's sudden death sends him on an unusual pilgrimage to Colorado. He begins his bad day by getting fired and learns from his former girlfriend Amanda that his brother Aaron died and the funeral is that afternoon. After attending the funeral Miles decides to steal the urn and head out to Colorado. Miles' life is transformed by reading Aaron's spiritual journal. On his journey, Miles meets up with is, the colorful TJ whom he picks up along the way. Their trip turns them into fugitives, thanks to TJ. What transpires through this misadventure is sure to inspire.
1255 ::: "Blank Canvas" (2009) ::: biography ::: On Blank Canvas, we meet extraordinary artists and share in their stories of passion and dedication. What drove them to their art? How did it feel the first time they picked up that brush and filled up a blank canvas? Sometimes it is a form of personal expression, and other times, it is a way to preserve one's heritage. A few rare artists even use their art forms to build bridges and foster dialogue, bringing people together. We also delve into the life of the artist, his fears and passions and ultimately how he uses his art form to make sense of the world and strengthen his connection to the divine.
1256 ::: Buckshot John (1915) ::: western ::: A sheriff and his posse shoot it out with a gang of robbers headed by Bad Jake Kennedy. The surviving robber, Buckshot John, won't tell where the gang's loot is hidden and gets 30 years in prison. Halfway through his sentence he "gets religion" and in order to save his soul, decides to tell where the gang has hidden its stash of gold. However, a phony clairvoyant, The Great Gilmore, finds out about John's intentions and tricks him into revealing where the gold is. When John finds out what happened, he decides to break out of prison and take care of matters himself.
1257 ::: Dreaming Dracula (2014) ::: drama ::: ...a journey into her dreams...Low-lying, gray clouds were blown over the gloomy sky by a rough wind. It was difficult for her to steady the thin letter paper in her hand, reading the few written lines. She had been so happy about the message from her fiancé, who was still in Romania, but the chilliness creeping towards her out of every single word made her tremble with fear.
1258 ::: Catherine's Grove (1997) ::: drama ::: Undercover cop Doyle is working on a serial killer case that's left a trail of dead transvestites. Then, moonlighting as a private eye, Doyle and his girlfriend are hired by a rich young man to find his sister. The search leads to her mysterious uncle, and the possibility of becoming the killer's next victim.
1259 ::: BiBee (????) ::: animation ::: BiBee The Mosco - Synopsis (Act 1) When the last remaining mosquito borough of Mount Muddle is wiped out by Evil (i) the Exterminator's Dragon Spies, BiBee the Mosco is orphaned and left with a bitter desire for vengeance against those who took his family away from him. (Act 2) He ends up on a nearby farm where he meets Molly, a 12 year old girl who has had quite a challenging life of her own thus far but keeps a smile on her face, and Hilda Bee, a female bumblebee who falls for BiBee. He also meets farmer Pete, Molly's uncle, who hates mosquitoes. BiBee is caught between his anger towards those who seek to do him harm and his desire to build a life with those who show him love and kindness. (Act 3) The internal battle becomes a reality when with the assistance of Jonathan the Preacher, BiBee is forced to choose between taking the revenge that had driven him thus far or sacrificing himself for others after he is tricked by someone he trusts. BiBee discovers more than himself on his journey as his battle with Evil (i) and the Dragon Spies reveals what makes BiBee so special that sometimes even the worst of us all can change our tune.
1260 ::: Now Forever (2014) ::: short ::: Inspired in the myth of Orfeo and Eurídice, shows in an abstract and modern way the romantic vision of death, beauty, love and eternity. It is divided in 3 chapters : The death of Eurídice, The sacrifice of Orfeo and the Underworld. Where finally the characters meet each other in the own threshold, a luxury and dark place full of memories . In love they share the eternity together , playful, romantic and shadowy.
1261 ::: Cruising Bar 2 (2008) ::: comedy ::: They're back! Fifteen years later, the heroes from Cruising Bar may hardly have changed but the world around them most certainly has! For the Bull, reality is brutal. His wife of 30 years, sick of his infidelity, decides to show him the door. But the Bull, who has a positive outlook on life, isn't so easily defeated and fights for his survival. The Lion too faces a break-up when his girlfriend leaves. All alone, he's force to relearn the art of seduction. The Peacock, on the other hand, is trying to figure out his sexual identity with the help of a psychologist. As for the Earthworm, his long wait for a soul mate will, at last, be requited.
1262 ::: Welcome to Detroit (2010) ::: documentary ::: Sergio Marchionne moved to Toronto at 13 from Abruzzo, Italy. Forty-five years later he's in Detroit as CEO of Fiat-Chrysler. Will he be the one to save Detroit? Welcome to Detroit opens and closes with Jeffrey Eugenides, Pulitzer-winning author and native Detroiter. He's one of the architects of this symphony to the city symbolic of the automotive industry crisis. The chorus is animated with factory workers, unionists, and scholars telling of the Italian adventure in Detroit, and closures of the only unionized Toyota factory in the US. The little Fiat 500 will soon arrive in America from Mexico. Many new electric cars will follow. Signs of a new industrial revolution and Detroit rescue attempts. This while Marchionne, the unconventional CEO, cites Nietzsche and Springsteen.
1263 ::: Warning Label (2014) ::: thriller ::: Thriller/Suspense about a small family on their 10th anniversary. The husband, Joel Yates, has a newly discovered heart condition along to go with his drinking problem. Joel ignores the heart medication warning label along with a social media comment to re-post a young girls kidnapping/murder. Joel has a night of figments and nightmares due to ignoring the ''Warning Label'' that he will never forget.
1264 ::: Vanatoare (2016) ::: drama ::: Lidia grows pigeons and lives a mundane existence with a husband and two children. Denisa has a boyfriend that needs new sneakers. Vanesa dreams of finding a boyfriend with green eyes. Three different women share a workplace and voice their daily concerns to each other in conversations. You might think they are secretaries, who enjoy chatting about the banalities of life and have their daily coffee break together. Just a normal life, only that they are prostitutes in order to survive. The daily routine ends in a humiliating confrontation with the police and some ice-cream.
1265 ::: Lars (2018) ::: horror ::: This is a found footage horror film. 'LARS' was filmed completely on a GoPro Hero5. Three best friends come across a website leading to an abandoned village in a wooded location in Long Island. Only thing is- it may not really be abandoned. We hope you enjoy this!
1266 ::: The Ponds (2018) ::: documentary ::: Twelve months spent following the year-round swimmers who frequent the Men's, Ladies' and Mixed Ponds on Hampstead Heath, London - unique bathing spots in which people have taken the waters since the days of Byron, Keats and John Constable.
1267 ::: Gowanus, Brooklyn (2004) ::: short ::: Audrey, called Drey, is 15, African-American, a Brooklyn high school student, a Tootsie-Pop usually in her mouth. She lives in a flat with her mother and older brother. Her mom is tired, working double shifts. Audrey is an observer. She finds one of her teachers, Mr. Dunne, interesting. He's white, with curly hair and pork-chop sideburns. Sometimes his lectures are philosophical. He keeps to himself. One evening she surprises him in the locker room: is he taking drugs? He offers to drive her home. Her anthropological study of Mr. Dunne continues. She goes to his classroom at noon to ask a question and to leave a gift. Only connect.
1268 ::: License to Thrive: Title IX at 35 (2008) ::: documentary ::: "License to Thrive: Title IX at 35" is a documentary exploring the history of Title IX legislation and its role in opening up doors and opportunities for girls and women in sports as well as numerous other arenas including education, science, mathematics, finance, entertainment, the arts, business, law and politics.
1269 ::: Marieke, Marieke (2010) ::: drama ::: Marieke wants to live her life. But how can she succeed if love has been taken away from her? She seeks warmth in the arms of much older men to find the strength to face the past and finally be herself. Marieke is 20 years old. She lives with her mother, Jeanne, a woman left cold and distant ever since her husband died. During the day, Marieke works in a Brussels chocolate factory. At night, she escapes into the arms of much older men. With them she feels strong, cherished and free. The arrival of Jacoby, a book editor living abroad, searching for her father's last manuscript, upsets Marieke's precarious balance. Her mother does everything in her power to keep them apart. She fears that he will reveal the secret that has remained hidden for so many years. Marieke falls in love with Jacoby but devastated by the truth of her father's death, she sinks despair. Will she find the strength to accept the truth and live anew?
1270 ::: Alvaro Siza: Transforming Reality (2003) ::: documentary ::: In "Álvaro Siza Transforming Reality", Portugal's renowned architect discusses his work and tours15 projects with architectural historian Kenneth Frampton, who has referred to Siza as "one of the most important architects working today". In 1974 the end of the dictatorship in Portugal opened up this previously isolated part of the world to current ideas about design, architecture and urban planning. 'Critical regionalism', or the melding of indigenous architectural forms with international ideas defined the architectural revolution in and around Oporto, Portugal. This movement became know as 'the Oporto School' of which Siza is the leading figure. Siza's approach to architecture is centered around the idea that the setting of a building is integral to its design, moreover that a structure's design should reinforce its surroundings by both enhancing and highlighting its potential. Frampton discusses with Siza his most significant architectural innovations at the actual sites in Portugal, including his large-scale housing project in Evora, the architecture school of the University in Porto, the Teachers' College in Setúbal and the recent Serralves Museum in Porto .
1271 ::: Pulled from the Rubble (2004) ::: documentary ::: In August 2003, Gil Loescher went to Baghdad on a humanitarian research trip. He and his colleague were in a meeting with the head of the United Nations in Iraq, Sergio Vieira de Mello, when a truck full of explosives was driven into the side of the building. Gil was the only survivor from the most devastated section of the building. All the people with him in the meeting died. Through poignantly honest narration, and observational scenes of high emotion, his daughter records the family's recovery during the months after the bomb. Using the camera becomes her way of dealing with the suddenness of the family's changed reality, and a way of re-visiting the haunting images of the bomb-site - a place of both horror and hope.
1272 ::: Piece of Mind (2007) ::: documentary ::: The feature length documentary that chronicles 2 years in the life of 4 Los Angeles based graffiti writers. Filmed on 16mm, Super 8mm, and several video formats, Evan Romoff and Keegan Gibbs have truly captured the essence of what its like to be a young graffiti artists trying to make a name. The gritty footage ranges from street sign tags to rooftop billboards, giving the audience a peek into the world of graffiti that has never been seen before by an outside culture.
1273 ::: B for Bundelkhand (2017) ::: drama ::: A father and son conflict drama taking place in worst land of farming, Bundelkhand, India. The area named in the film - Bundelkhand, An area regularly affected by chronic drought, unexpected rain. The ripple effect of this is the youth and the middle aged find no hope in being farmers, hence the aspect of the story where men of this region decide to move to the city to earn a living. In this film, an aging farmer Ram Singh lives with his only son in Lalla in the village. The father and son share a difficult relationship ever since the death of the mother. Due to Bundelkhand worse condition, Lalla leaves his father and his girl behind in the village to work in the big city. Alas, Ram Singh is left alone in the village. Things get worse as crops are lost due to an unexpected rain fall. This makes Ram Singh sad and depressed, he is almost on the verge of suicide, believing the insurance will help pay for all the remaining debt and leave his son enough money behind to work with.
1274 ::: The Bulls' Night Out (2000) ::: drama ::: George Wall is a retired New York City police detective and now owner of Ruby's Bar. Once a month he gathers with his old police crew for a "Bulls' Night Out" of drinking and fellowship. One night, the bar is held up by a young junkie. George and his retired police friends teach the bandit a lesson in street justice, and determine with the neighborhood sliding into drug-fueled violence and the police seeming to have their hands tied, that they are in a unique position to up-end the drug activity. So, George and the bulls prowl by night putting the fear of God into the local drug dealers until their vigilante actions go horribly wrong. The retired detectives turn on each other as their lives are forever changed.
1275 ::: Vancouver Tango Festival 2012 (2012) ::: musical ::: Capturing the efforts that Vancouver tango community has been putting over the past year for the preparation of Vancouver tango festival (one of the biggest Argentine Tango Festivals in Americas). In addition, eager tango dancers attending over 40 workshops and training with the masters share their experience with the audience. Tango masters interviewed and finally, showcasing beautiful performances by International Tango Masters from different countries in one night.
1276 ::: Ghani (2006) ::: drama ::: Afsu and Shamsu are two oil miller brother lives from hand to mouth spinning the treadle. Afsu leaves spinning treadle because of selling his ox during flood but Shamsu continues the business. Afsu's son Kuddus works in capital city and dreams to come back home and continue his father's business. But his dreams remain unfinished as his life ends in a bomb blast in strike. Shamsu's son Bozlu marries Moina borrowing money from Merchant but for not returning the money due time Merchant takes away the ox. Bozlu somehow managed to return his ox. One day the ox is stolen and Shamsu compels his daughter-in-law Moina to spin the treadle.
1277 ::: Deadly Wordz (2003) ::: thriller ::: A Spoken Word Can Be Deadly ... The annual Spoken Word Competition is coming and Werdz Steele is sure to win. He's a phenomenal poet with creativity, depth and delivery. Other talented poets will enter the contest, but Werdz has an advantage ... his dad owns the club hosting the event. How can Werdz lose? He can't lose. He won't lose.
1278 ::: Lost in the Sun (????) ::: thriller ::: Lost in the Sun is a coming-of-age story about Dawn, a Napa Valley teen fresh off her high school graduation and about to set out for college. Days from starting her new life away from her rural upbringing, she gets an odd text from her estranged sister, who stole from the family years before and vanished into San Francisco. Not ready to write her older sister off, Dawn sets out for San Francisco, determined to bring her sister back from exile and the family back together again. But in a city bigger, stranger than anything she's ever experienced, she finds something beyond her sheltered imagination: her sister is involved with a cult of sungazers who've found a darker side to the sun, and intend to use it.
1279 ::: Robotelul de aur (2015) ::: documentary ::: 32 year old female boxer Steluta Duta tries to buy her own home by winning boxing match after boxing match only to find her life is a continuous loop. As she trains for her European Boxing Cup, Stela revisits the past dramas of being an abandoned, institutionalized child.
1280 ::: Neighborhood Utopia (2016) ::: documentary ::: Affectionately known as La Pointe, Pointe-Saint-Charles is a working-class neighbourhood in southwest Montreal. Once among the biggest industrial districts in Canada, today it is under attack by real estate developers. With luxury condo towers springing up like weeds along the Lachine Canal, residents of La Pointe are being priced out of their own neighbourhood in a real estate boom of epic proportions. The community is working hard to save their neighbourhood and their world, coming together to promote a vision of urban development focused on social housing and community projects. A fabulous story of tenacity and solidarity.
1281 ::: Killer Bud (2001) ::: comedy ::: After losing another job, two idiots embark on an adventure of mythic proportion: to acquire "Feed Bags," the discontinued entire-meal-in-a-bag, to impress their two equally dim-witted dates. When the only convenience store in town that carries the discontinued food item is found closed, Waylon and Buzz break in and can't break out. After getting fired from yet another job, two losers embark on a journey to impress their reluctant dates. In order to score, Waylon and Buzz must acquire the discontinued food item, the "Feed Bag." Upon finding the only convenience store which carries Feed Bags is closed, Waylon and Buzz decide to break in and, in turn, cannot break out. Oh yeah, there's also Fievel, biology teacher-turned-drug dealer, a killer Pomeranian, etymology mixups, the implications of showtunes, the vindictive copy store clerk, the smarmy taxi driver, and a mysterious Pachinko machine named Al.
1282 ::: "Sir Graveson Show" (2013) ::: comedy ::: Elliot Garvin thinks he can be a horror movie host...but he doesn't know the first thing about it! His rocky past has caught up with him, and must perform community service, so he decides to produce a local cable kids horror show like the ones he loved as a child.
1283 ::: Paulistas (2017) ::: documentary ::: Paulistas and Soledade are two rural regions located in the state of Goiás. In the early nineties the rural exodus was intensified with the expansion of monoculture farming and exploitation of water resources. Since 2014, there is no more young people living in the region. It's July, vacation time. Time when the children visit their parents
1284 ::: Drogam: Nadanthathu Enna? (2010) ::: romance ::: Drogam Nadanthathu Enna film is based on a real incident which happened in Mumbai. The electric power goes at the time when a young police officer makes love to his wife. So the inspector goes to light a candle. At that time a stranger embraces the inspector's wife who is not able to recognize the person. She thinks that it is her husband. The stranger records this incident in his cell phone. The stranger blackmails the lady showing this clipping and asks her to make love with him. Whether she agrees or not is the rest of the story. New faces Kishore, Sasi and Leena are doing important roles.
1285 ::: The Moon, the Stars and Everything (2018) ::: thriller ::: As his father lies dying, Ziggy returns to help his family business from going under in the small town he fought so hard to escape. But facing demons he thought long left behind will be more complicated than he thought after restarting a romantic relationship with Gio, a troubled addict with mounting debts. A friendship with Ray, a nightclub bouncer with his own checkered past, is the one bright spot in his new life. Things take a deadly turn however, with the arrival of a mysterious stranger hellbent on revenge and destroying anything Ziggy holds dear.
1286 ::: Kowloon Killers (2017) ::: short ::: Vietnamese siblings Hung and Mai are Getting by in Hong Kong as small time criminals. But they find themselves ambushed at a Mong Kok supermarket by a heavily armed triad gang disguised as Donald Trump. Why did this happen? Maybe they'll find the answer closer to home.
1287 ::: Patti Page Sings the Hits (2004) ::: music ::: The Singing Rage - Miss Patti Page! She was the best-selling female vocalist of the 1950s and her popularity continues to this day. Here is a fabulous assortment of Patti singing some of her most-beloved tunes, culled from some of her most memorable television appearances.
1288 ::: The Young Believers (2012) ::: drama ::: Four Christian teens struggle to keep a promise to remain pure and righteous in The Young Believers. Bound to a mutual pact to avoid drinking, drugs, and premarital sex throughout high school, longtime friends Delilah, David, Leah, and Luke run into temptation and trouble in their senior year. First, Delilah faces pressure from her boyfriend to take their relationship to another level. Then, David must decide whether or not to try alcohol. Next, Leah refuses to open her heart during her parents' divorce, and Luke is lured into playing music that doesn't glorify God.
1289 ::: To Patch a Broken Star (2018) ::: fantasy ::: What Happens When We Die? - A question that Eshi, a sickly adolescent, gave a lot of thought. Our story follows Eshi in his last moments of life, then his journey through the afterlife that surpasses all he could have imagined. Eshi expects to wake up in some form of Paradise, or maybe feel nothing at all, but instead, is confronted by otherworldly guides that help him on his "life" ahead. He discovers that his soul is fractured and must be put back together in the "Nation of the Gods" by their Queen, Buluku. The first being he meets is MA TELE, a witch who lives in a cozy cabin in "space." After Ma Tele convinces Eshi of his own death and broken soul, she tells him of a nation of gods where Eshi's soul can be repaired and changed; with the help of their Queen. Ma Tele also provides clothing and supplies for him, and points to a red road for Eshi to follow. After this, he encounters seven other guides, including water spirits, fire goddesses, and a Moon goddess. Each has their own lesson to impart as he makes his way towards the city. Unbeknownst to him, every challenge, every new encounter, and every trial unites a the fragments of his soul, preparing him for his next phase of existence and the ultimate decision he has to make.
1290 ::: "Non mais t'as vu ce que t'écoutes" (2011) ::: music ::: Non mais t'as vu ce que t'écoutes is a French YouTube series. It features Linksthesun and his friends. In non mais t'as vu ce que t'écoutes Links reviews music from the most famous French artists using humour and a good sense of critisism.
1291 ::: The Holden Racing Team Story (2004) ::: documentary ::: Formula one has Ferarri with its huge success and legion of fans. Australian motor sport has HRT. The link between a high performance car manufacturer in HSV and its racing division has produced the most successful racing partnership in Australian motor sport history. The Holden Racing Team won six championships in a decade of V8 only or V8 Supercar racing in Australia and was almost unbeatable in the late 1990's. For five consecutive years, HRT won the Australian Touring Car Championship. Several great victories at Mt Panorama in the Bathurst 1000 put the icing on the cake for the team. The list of the team's drivers read like an Australian motorsport who's who with the likes of Peter Brock, Mark Skaife, Jim Richards, Craig Lowndes, Greg Murphy, Larry Perkins, Win Percy, Allan Grice, Tomas Mezera, Neil Crompton, Wayne Gardner, Brad Jones and Jason Bright all driving for the team.
1292 ::: "Hometown Health TV" (2009) ::: news ::: Hometown Health TV, LLC has offered various levels of support to; the Lake Sumter Medical Society, March of Dimes of Lake & Sumter, American Cancer Society of Lake/Sumter and Marion units, Florida Hospital Waterman Foundation, Lifestream Behavioral Center, Childrens' Advocacy Center of Lake Sumter, the Education Foundation of Lake and Sumter Counties and many more. Hometown Health TV, LLC and it's sister marketing company, Red Apples Media, have been honored with more than a dozen awards including: 2012 National Business Incubator Association (NBIA) Business of the Year 2012 Community Service Entrepreneur Award by the Lake County League of Cities 2012 Hidden Hero of Health award from the Lake County Health Department As well as numerous AVA, Telly and MarComm awards and a 2011 Communitas Award for Community Service.
1293 ::: "Crazy Venice Apartment" (2012) ::: comedy ::: Crazy Venice Apartment - as the name speaks for itself - is a series that takes place in a beach apartment inhabited by an overly diverse group of friends: Cody ( an unstable, closet gay, narcissistic guy who is talented and highly motivated); John (Cody's business partner, who is a couch crasher and has an imaginary twin, Ty); Katya (Cody's Russian girlfriend, naive, romantic, and a total control freak); Craig (Political activist, angry and unhappy with his life, but really nice on the outside); Crazy Professor Feep, a hopeless Romantic; and Daniel, a total workaholic. During the course of the show, a few new characters will 'move in' to spice up the apartment: Samuel, a confident black guy, quite the successful guy with women, not so much with work; Romi, a German actress, who is easy going when it comes to parties and men; Jesse, who just happens to be fucked up! Getting high every day, all day long, playing poker, fucking with each other, and bringing guys and girls for the night from time to time; this is how they live their life. But that is not all they dream of; they wish to be Hollywood stars, rock-stars, rocket scientist, and of course, to meet the right one, have a family and grow old together with them. With so many different personalities living under the same roof, is no wonder crazy things happen on daily basis.
1294 ::: Mulberry to Rome (????) ::: comedy ::: With the simple snap of a football, Tony Magliocco's life changes forever. What seemed like the bet of a lifetime has now turned into a true major league nightmare. Sitting across from Don Luciano, Little's Italy's mob boss, Tony and his friends Ralphie and Louie know they're in a nasty bind, and there is only one thing to do - Get the hell out of town! Welcome to Ken-"Friggin"-Tucky!!. Hiding from Don Luciano in Kentucky, Tony and the boys are like fish out of water when it comes to farm town living. With the sweet dreams of giant cannoli's, the boys fall asleep unaware that life is about to deal them a bum hand. They are about to travel to ancient Rome, where they get to meet the great Caesar himself. Boys from Brooklyn are about to rewrite history. Tony and the boys find themselves back in time, face to face with Brutus on March 15th, the day Brutus killed Caesar. Brutus crews vs. Brooklyn crew, the boys from Brooklyn rewrite history. Brooklyn crew comes back to NY proud of what they have done but they now have to face Don Luciano, the reason they left NY. Watch as they redeem themselves and leave you breathless at the edge of your seat.
1295 ::: Cuba libre (2005) ::: comedy ::: When a family of anarchist squatters is violently evicted from their "cultural centre" thanks to an overzealous reporter, a reckless car chase leads them to the doors of the Cuban Embassy in Madrid where a media frenzy has begun following Fidel Castro's announcement of Cuba's first democratic elections. Smelling an opportunity for international attention to their cause, the bunch of radical misfits lock the doors of the building and embark upon an "ideological occupation" of the Cuban Embassy. Aided by an ambitious diplomat and Cuba's political upheaval, they manage to create an international scandal in this outrageous comedy which pokes fun at Fidel Castro, the Cuban revolution, the squatter movement, the media and the police. A movie for the MTV generation, Cuba Libre pulls no punches as it takes on political hypocrisy with acidic wit and biting humour
1296 ::: Iris 2: The Movie (2013) ::: crime ::: Three years after a secret agent's tragic death at the hands of terrorist group IRIS, team leader Joon-han recruits a detective, Yoo-gun, to help him bring down an illegal arms unit. Soon, Yoo-gun's working alongside agent Soo-yeon, a man who has loved her since youth. Together, they put their lives on the line to stop IRIS once and for all.
1297 ::: Kikar Ha-Halomot (2001) ::: drama ::: In ha-Argazim, a neighborhood that time forgot, the one-year anniversary of Morris Mandabon's death is approaching, and his youngest son, Nissim has had a dream in which his father orders him to re-open the old neighborhood movie theater, thus breaking the vow that Morris had made years before never to screen movies again. Nissim and his brother George, together with Aharon Gabardine, who was the projectionist back in the old days, are determined to fulfill Morris' request. The same day Nissim has his dream, Avram Mandabon, Morris' brother, returns for his brother's memorial after a 25-year absence. His reappearance causes old family feuds to resurface. Seniora Mandabon, late Morris' wife, won't even speak to Avram. Following the advice of Yisrael "the Indian", considered the neighborhood authority on films, the brothers decide to screen the Indian-made local hit from years before, "Sangam", to which Seniora objects ("Nobody cares to watch old Indian movies!") and tries to convince them to screen another movie, but they insist. They eventually find out that the only print of "Sangam" is in the hands of Avram, their uncle, who refuses to give it to them. And so, as the time for Morris' memorial approaches, as well as the screening date, it seems that a clash is inevitable. In the tense days that follow, the past resurfaces and the brothers learn the secrets of their family history and the real reason why their father closed down the theater.
1298 ::: That One Summer (2005) ::: family ::: Otis Garner was in his fifties when he walked out on his wife and kids. During a bittersweet reunion with his son Ted thirty years later, Otis hears a story about one special summer when Ted struggled with his own breaking point. An ambitious flashback shows the overworked Ted pressured to make time for his own young son Mike and his buddy Andy who want to spend the summer making some movies. Finally realizing the importance of getting involved, Ted gives in and helps the kids create a very special film based on a classic Native American legend, The Sleeping Bear. Ted gets help from some unusual characters including a colorful tugboat captain, a man who has bears as pets, a Native American storyteller, and many others. Together they all help the boys with their film, and along the way, demonstrate the true meaning of friendship.
1299 ::: El Patio (2016) ::: documentary ::: Three gravediggers lovingly maintain the peaceful cemetery in the center of the Chilean capital of Santiago. At the same time, however, they carry a dark secret: after the coup in 1973, they had to surreptitiously bury the bodies of thousands of political prisoners. A demonstration calling for justice shows that the past will not allow itself to be buried.
1300 ::: Csapd le csacsi! (1991) ::: comedy ::: The story happens in 1989 in the suburbs of Budapest, where the neighbor maintains an underground worker's guard training base, while the youngsters fall victim to a mistakenly posted letter.
1301 ::: The Man Who Cried (1993) ::: drama ::: Abel Mason is a man caught in a loveless marriage with a harridan wife who constantly berates him and beats their son Dick. When the one woman he loves dies at the hands of her husband after he was sent a letter by Mason's wife, exposing the affair, Abel leaves her for good taking to the road and young Dick with him.
1302 ::: Martha (2017) ::: documentary ::: Martha is a mother of twelve and makes her living driving for Uber and Lyft. A resident of Harlem, she's had a difficult past which has left her relationships with her children strained and complicated. In this 40 minute documentary, we get a front row seat perspective into a day in the life of Martha. She gives us unprecedented access to some of the most intimate and troubling aspects of her past and present life. We spend time with Martha in her apartment, with her young children, as she prepares for her work day and muses on the sometimes painful intricacies of life. We ride along as she picks up passengers and get to observe her engaging approach with the unique characters that encompass New York City, who themselves are on journeys of self-discovery. Martha is still flushing out the problems in her own life, and we as observers are given the opportunity to create our own opinion of how she's doing. 'Martha' is part of the FACES docuseries started in 2015 by Josh Ethan Johnson. There are currently 18 shorts any more on the way. FACES explores people and places in with a spontaneous approach to filming and a engaging editing style.
1303 ::: Notti nude (1963) ::: documentary ::: Sketches, with titles in Italian, Spanish, French, and English, according to, and in order of, the Italian version: (1) Strip in the moon; (2) Mistery dance; (3) First ball; (4) Censored; (5) Le ballet russe; (6) Cleopatra 2000; (7) La blonde inconnue; (8) Elle et lui; (9) Supplice; (10) A very nice little girl; (11) Nuda nella rete; (12) La fille ŕ la valise; (13) Javanese; (14) The acrobats; (15) Je me couche avec ta voix; (16) Dance's rhapsody; (17) Le ballet des plumes; (18) Le ballet des crinolines; (19) Les patineurs; (20) Les siffleurs; (21) La fille en bikini; (22) La belle et la bęte; (23) Danse apache; (24) Lili Marlene; (25) La rage au corps; (26) Dietro il paravento; (27) Violence; (28) Western strip-tease; (29) La fille au tutu; (30) Me gustan todos; (31) Doll's night; (32) Macumba; (33) Russian strip-tease; (34) Bolero strip; (35) The magician; (36) Ice and fire; (37) City by night; (38) Hully gully.
1304 ::: "A Woman's Guide to Adultery" (1993) ::: drama ::: The story of three women who are involved in adulterous affairs - and Rose, who believes that anyone who sleeps with another's husband is committing a crime against womanhood. Ah, but how long will Rose be able to resist the charms of married photographer Paul...? Will Ray leave Sandy? Will Martin leave Margaret? Is ANY relationship better than NO relationship? And will Rose's erotic pictorial portfolio from Paris be the ultimate downfall of Paul? Stay tuned....
1305 ::: The Houses with No Address (2015/II) ::: documentary ::: Lavin Jamal's fiancé went to the refugee camps in Kurdistan Iraq to get a report about the crimes which ISIS have done with Izadi Kurds especially the women and children. After a weeks in Iraq Lavin get disappeared and Jamal which himself is a journalist too going to Iraq to find her. After two weeks searching for her in Iraq he faces many problems and finally he can't find his fiancé
1306 ::: The Grand Old Lady (2007) ::: documentary ::: The Westmont Theatre has been a local icon in a quiet suburban New Jersey town for over 80 years. Called, "The Grand Old Lady" the theater building,long closed and decaying, is now at the center of talks of redevelopment and possible demolition. This is the last chance for her to tell her story before she dies. Few are aware of the theater's impact on the life and career of Steven Spielberg and Michael Landon, or how she effected and played a part in history of other major films including The Exorcist and Kramer v. Kramer. A boarded up time capsule, a relic of a day of bygone old vaudeville-movie theater palaces, her story is captured by a curious filmmaker, Brent J. Donaway, who grew up in the shadow of the theater, but was too young to have set foot in the inside when films were last shown there two decades ago. Donaway has a tour guide, a older seasoned veteran of working inside this and other local theaters. They track down projectionists, ushers, ticket sellers, moviegoers from the theater and place them back in their locations to tell their stories. They tell stories of a part of the movie industry seldom examined; some are funny, some sad, some shocking, but all nostalgic and interesting. In doing so, Donaway has not only captured the story of one old-time theater; he has captured a microcosm that paints a picture of old movie houses everywhere, almost all of which are now gone. It is a story with universal appeal.
1307 ::: "Frontera Roja" (2015) ::: drama ::: The US-Mexico border an infinite of dry land and crime. Catalina Santibańez is the head of an organization that deals with kidnapping, organ trafficking and other crimes, throughout the Border States. This organization is in search of a new member, a man with the courage and motivation to handle the organ extraction department. In Phoenix, Arizona, Fernando Buenrostro, a medical student searching for the American dream, suddenly faces what could be the most tragic moment in his life. The possible death of his mother becomes the push and motivation that will force him to join Catalina's organization. A series of events will face Fernando, taking him beyond his own limits. The greed, thirst for power, and his new found anger to God, create in Fernando a double identity that leads to a search for the power and control over everything.
1308 ::: "Ask a Slave" (2013) ::: comedy ::: Ask A Slave is a satirical web series based on the actress' time working as a living history character at the popular historic site, George Washington's Mount Vernon. Starring Azie Dungey as Lizzie Mae and directed by Jordan Black. All questions and interactions are based on true events.
1309 ::: Upyr (1997) ::: horror ::: A Russian town is terrorized by a monstrous vampire, named Upyr. Upyr turns everyone into a slave, then kills. Even the Russian Mafia boss is killed, and others are in fear, because Upyr cannot be killed by a bullet. Only one fearless man brings hope to people. He sets up a trap for Upyr, by using the Mafia boss's daughter as bait.
1310 ::: "The Greatest Pharaohs" (1997) ::: documentary ::: A history of Egypt as demarked by the men and women who lead her. Narmer, the first pharaoh, Snefru, the first pharaoh to commission a pyramid, Khufu (Cheops) the builder of the Great Pyramid, Hatshepsut, the first woman pharaoh to Amenhotep IV / Akhenaten, the first monotheist, Tutankhamun, Ramesses, Seti, Even Cleopatra, all are covered.
1311 ::: Faces Made for Radio (1999) ::: comedy ::: "Faces Made For Radio: The Car Talk Video" is the official video from the producers of Car Talk. Tom and Ray join other famous brothers, including the Smothers Brothers, The Flying Karamazov Brothers and Dr. Joyce Brothers in an 85 minute entertainment special that celebrates Car Talk's 10th Anniversary.
1312 ::: "It's a Mann's World" (2015) ::: reality-tv ::: The family faces off in the Mann Family Games, and this year David Jr. is determined to dethrone his dad and become the Mann of the House, but first he must contend with his sister, Tiffany, who has a major problem with him that could to ruin the event.
1313 ::: SchoolScapes (2007) ::: documentary ::: Inspired by the cinema of Lumičre and the ideas of the 20th century Indian thinker Krishnamurti, David MacDougall this time explores a famous progressive school in South India, the Rishi Valley School. This is a film dedicated to the simple act of looking, in which each scene is a single shot.
1314 ::: Post-Impressionists: Gauguin (2000) ::: documentary ::: Paul Gauguin was thirty-five when he made the momentous decision to abandon his lucrative career as a Paris stockbroker and devote himself full-time to painting. Gauguin's bold use of flat, unmixed color gave his paintings a strong sense of personal expression, but his work struggled to find acceptance at the time. Poverty and obscurity dominated Gauguin's years as an artist. Not even a move to Tahiti could bring him happiness. Yet the paintings that he created there are now recognized as masterpieces of the Post-Impressionist age.
1315 ::: Ice People (2008) ::: documentary ::: Unique in the genre of exploration and adventure films, ICE PEOPLE takes you on one of the earth's most seductive journeys-Antarctica. Emmy-winning documentary filmmaker Anne Aghion spent four months "on the ice" with modern-day polar explorers, to find out what drives dedicated researchers to leave the world behind in pursuit of science, and to capture the true experience of living and working in this extreme environment. And, as it turns out, the film also witnesses one of the most significant discoveries about climate change in recent Antarctic science. Intense public focus on climate change has turned the shores of Antarctica into a new tourist mecca, making the earth's coldest continent the hot place to be. But, inland from the penguins and ice floes is a magical Antarctica of volcanoes, boulder-strewn valleys and ominous glaciers. Only a small number of scientific research teams get there, braving severe conditions to learn about our planet's history, and make predictions about our future. ICE PEOPLE heads out into the "deep field" with noted geologists Allan Ashworth and Adam Lewis, and two undergrad scientists-in-the-making, where they scour across hundreds of miles to find tiny, critical signs of ancient life. Their findings would give the first evidence of a green Antarctica over 14 million years ago, that disappeared with a sudden shift in the temperature of the continent. The most authentic film about life on the ice since the trailblazing expeditions to Antarctica chronicled nearly a century ago, ICE PEOPLE conveys the vast beauty, the claustrophobia, the excitement and the stillness of an experience set to nature's rhythm.
1316 ::: Weathering the Storm: The Story of Ray Weathers (2013) ::: documentary ::: The documentary tells the story of Ray Weathers and his tumultuous journey to becoming the first person out of Jackson, MI to ever play in an NBA game. As a child, Ray overcame physical and mental abuse from his parents and the death of his brother before becoming a breakout star at Michigan State University. He later went on to have an MVP and championship career overseas.
1317 ::: Battlin' Buckaroo (1924) ::: western ::: Judd Strivers owns the Palos Verdes Rancho, and his pretty daughter, Mary, is being courted by ranch manager Buck Carson. May refuses his advances, having promised to marry cowboy Jack Merrill. What neither Mary nor her father know is that Carson is secretly the head of a gang rustling cattle from the ranch. Carson kidnaps Mary, and then convinces her father that Jack is actually the man rustling his cattle.
1318 ::: Back to Space-Con (2011) ::: documentary ::: On February 22, 1975, Northern California's very first Star Trek convention was held at Lincoln High School in San Francisco, CA. It was called "The Red Hour Festival." A huge success with the fans of the original TV series (1966-69), the smash event led to much larger conventions in San Francisco, Oakland and Los Angeles. These "Space-Con" conventions left an indelible mark on the science-fiction fans and "Trekkers" who attended. In the end, conventions like Space-Con helped awaken Paramount from hibernation and led to the creation of the first installment of the major motion picture series "Star Trek" in 1979. This full-length documentary film is the story of how fandom revolutionized an industry.
1319 ::: Rebel in Town (1956) ::: western ::: Ex-Confederate Bedloe Mason and his four sons ride into a small Western town with robbery in mind. Hearing a suspicious "click," Wes Mason whirls and shoots dead a boy playing with a cap pistol. The Mason clan then flees but Gray Mason, feeling remorse, decides to return to the town. He winds up at the home of John and Nora Willoughby who, unknown to him, are parents of the dead boy. Nora recognizes him as one of the Confederates but keeps quiet, wishing to avoid more violence. However, when John learns of Gray's true identity, he determines to avenge his son's death.
1320 ::: Samurai and Idiots: The Olympus Affair (2014) ::: documentary ::: In October 2011, Michael Woodford was suddenly ousted as CEO of Olympus Corporation, a multi-billion dollar Japanese optical company. What followed was international media furor which exposed one of the biggest scandals in Japanese corporate history. The film chronicles the saga of egregious corporate malefactors and a doomed East-West clash.
1321 ::: Puppylove (2013) ::: romance ::: At 14, Diane is an enigmatic teenager and a loner. She is busy bringing up her little brother, Marc, and has an intense relationship with her father, Christian. The appearance of Julia, a young charismatic and emancipated English girl, in her neighbourhood turns Diane's everyday life upside down. Diane, who wants to break the bounds of childhood at any price, goes through the most dramatic experiences of her life in the space of six months. The closer she is to Julia, the more she turns her back on morality, paying no attention to the consequences or the limits of her desires.
1322 ::: La Pasión de Michelangelo (2013) ::: drama ::: In 1983, as Chilean demonstrations against Pinochet's military regime gathered strength, the government seized upon the strange story of 14-year-old street teen Miguel Angel as a means of diverting attention from the public's growing discontent. In Peńablanca, not far from Valparaíso, the charismatic Angel swore he could see the Virgin Mary at the top of a local hill and, with the government doing all it could to promote this "miracle", hundreds of thousands of people made the pilgrimage to the "holy" spot. Soon Angel had attained rock-star status - with all the perks the term implies - until, inevitably, he fell fast and hard... Shot on 16mm film for a documentary feel, the film follow the investigation of an increasingly skeptical priest into this affair. Both a cultural critique of what director Esteban Larraín sees as Chile's need for affirmation in the face of a collective inferiority complex and a succinct illustration of Juvenal's "bread and circuses" concept of governmental appeasement, Larraín's political drama speaks volumes about how the Pinochet years deeply scarred a nation's already fragile psyche.
1323 ::: A Trip to the Wonderland of America (1909) ::: documentary ::: This fascinating region was set apart as a Government Reservation, to be known as Yellowstone Park, in 1S72. The park proper is about 62 miles long, from north to south, and 54 miles wide. While the tourist may reach the park entrance by rail, it has been decreed by Uncle Sam that beyond the Great Lava Arch Gateway the iron horse shall not trespass. So here leaving the pathway of steel we take our place on one of the six-horse coaches that run from Gardiner up to Mammoth Hot Springs. Coaching, Troops, Morris Basin, Great Fountain, Pack mules, Riverside Geyser, Old Faithful, Deer and Bear, Upper Falls, Canyon, Field Glasses. Standing on a balcony at Artist's Point we take up the field glass to have a tele-photo panorama of these weird walls with their clinging pine trees. We look down the Great Gorge. On either side walls of exquisite color rise with here and there pinnacle-like great church spires. Above our heads fly eagles who build their nests and raise their young on the top of these lofty peaks. The scene is a powerful one and beyond words, but the Great Falls add force and quality of action which tempers and dignities the whole scene. This enormous volume of water that looks like a curtain of lace, tumbles over a cliff of volcanic rock 310 feet. Here the traveler finds himself spellbound, held by the pure beauty of the scene. In turning away he pauses to marvel at the wonders of nature and the beauties of our great national playground.
1324 ::: "Karl & Max" (2015) ::: drama ::: Karl, Max and their friend Yvon see their destiny forever shatter when they discover a bag containing a gun and lots of money! By taking the decision to keep the loot of 2.6 million, they will be propelled into a world to which they don't belong, caught up in a race for millions with the organized crime. KARL & MAX is a series about friendship, love and the consequences of our choices. A "dramedy" that talks about the value of honesty and reveals how appearances can be pretty deceiving...
1325 ::: "Camaleones" (2009) ::: action ::: Valentina and Sebastiăo are two young men controlled by a principal who forces them to steal precious jewels through disguises. The mysterious man who submits them to such crimes is known as "El Amo" and to convince them uses death threats as a resource. After several days, they are wanted by the police and, although they hate each other, they plan to pretend to be siblings and take refuge in Săo Bartolomeu College, belonging to Augusto Ponce de León and Francisca Campos.
1326 ::: The Lash of Pinto Pete (1924) ::: western ::: Driven from his throne by the scheming Targon, the King of Paloma is banished to the prison mines, where his son, Pietro, is bayoneted for protesting. A shipwreck allows the king to escape and find refuge with his followers on Paloma's rocky shore. Rosita cares for the blinded king and tells him of Pinto Pete, who defends the oppressed with his bullwhip. The paths of Rosita and Pinto Pete cross when both are captured by Targon's guards, the mystery man is revealed to be Pietro, and both escape to be reunited with the king. Swearing vengeance, Pinto Pete bravely and successfully undertakes the overthrow of Targon, and the throne is again occupied by the king, who abdicates in favor of Pinto Pete and Rosita.
1327 ::: Me (2014/I) ::: comedy ::: A down and out actress secretly sells a reality show about her friend, a delusional eccentric, a once famous creator of reality shows, who now believe that his entire life is being filmed by hidden cameras and that he is the star of his very own reality show.
1328 ::: Brotherly Love (2003) ::: comedy ::: A movie about two brothers from Brooklyn. Travis and Bryant. One is a successful business man and the other is a not so successful street hustler. As with most odd couples, one is always getting into trouble. The other has to come and bail him out. When a hustle on a local thug named Tank backfires, all hell breaks loose. It's up to Travis and Bryant to work together to solve their latest dilemma and in the process they gain respect for each other's life.
1329 ::: "Sonora, Alma de frontera" (2007) ::: documentary ::: Abandoned or held in low regard by colonial viceroys, businessmen, bishops and high-ranking military men, the gradual conquest of Sonora would be the work of combative spirits from the ambitious Jesuit missionaries to its conquerors' ambitions and conflicts. To the north of the Río Fuerte, Sonora's old indigenous nations, especially the Yaquis and the Mayos would be forced to establish a secular battle of resistance: a struggle so great that it stands without comparison to any other struggle of this kind in Mexican history. From the long and violent encounters between white colonizers and Sonora's proud Indians, it is only logical that a strong character and a lively, decisive temperament would surface among Sonora's residents today.
1330 ::: Random Acts: Impact (2017) ::: short ::: A First Acts short about post-traumatic stress disorder. Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) is most commonly associated with veterans of war, however, many diagnosed with PTSD are affected through other traumas. This short film explores the sensory experience of PTSD. Elle is a graduate from University of Worcester and has a degree in Digital Film Production and Screen Writing. This First Acts short was produced in partnership with Rural Media.
1331 ::: Kondo wa aisaika (2009) ::: drama ::: he heart wrenching love story between a married couple. The jobless husband cheats on his wife and has no love for her. The wife wants to go on a trip to get pregnant. This mismatched husband and wife may find sympathy among other lovers due to the excellent performance between Yakushimaru Hiroko, who was the main character in famous 'Kadokawa movies', and Toyokawa Etsushi, most well known for her role in [Love Letter]. Halfway through the film we understand why the original title of this movie was [A Good Husband This Time] while crying buckets of tears in being able to identify with the characters.
1332 ::: My Boy Boy Boy Boyfriend (2013) ::: romance ::: Zhang Wen Ting (Xie Na) has been in love with the same man for 10 years. Now, approaching the age of 30, she is ready to marry. Unfortunately, her prospective husband is nothing more than a cheater who harshly casts her aside. Heartbroken, Zhang Wen Ting decides that the world is void of her perfect lover and sets out to find a perfect "combination" in four different men.
1333 ::: "Wine Oh TV" (2012) ::: reality-tv ::: Wine Oh TV with Monique Soltani is a fun, fresh and informative wine, travel and lifestyle show that gives audiences around the world an all access pass into the wonderful the world of wine! Watch Wine Oh TV for wine reviews, wine news, wine travel, food and wine pairings and you can live the wine lifestyle without leaving your living room. From touring and wine tasting in the world's most magnificent wine regions to getting up close and personal with celebrity chefs and world class wine-makers Wine Oh TV helps you learn about wine and "Elevate Your Taste" at the same time.
1334 ::: Meili Shanghai (2004) ::: drama ::: the rise and fall of a family in Shanghai. Once wealthy and capitalist, the family unraveled during the Cultural Revolution in the 1960s and 1970s. Their home, once a French concession mansion, was converted into a multi-family dwelling. Years later, the matriarch of the family announces that she is dying. When her four grown children return, it becomes the first time the family has been under one roof in decades.
1335 ::: Blind Adventure (1933) ::: mystery ::: Robert Armstrong plays Richard Bruce, an American in fog bound London who stumbles into the midst of international intrigue, with Helen Mack as Rose Thorne, an innocent dupe. Together they try to unravel the mystery, enlisting the aid of a cat burglar named Holmes (Roland Young), who they bump into along the way.
1336 ::: The Last of the Knucklemen (1979) ::: drama ::: In the tradition of _Sunday Too Far Away (1975)_ (qv), this independent film is based on the classic Australian play by 'John Power (II)' (qv). Pic tells the story of a group of miners living in a camp in outback Australia. They swear, brawl, gamble, and drink heavily. Central to the story is the conflict between Tarzan, the authoritarian group leader and cocky loud-mouth wisecracking Pansy. This results in a bare-knuckle punch-up for the movie's denouement. Exteriors filmed in Andamooka, South Australia.
1337 ::: Forgotten Tragedy: The Story of the St. Francis Dam (2018) ::: short ::: Forgotten Tragedy: The Story of the St. Francis Dam tells the tale of the largest man-made disaster of the 20th century. This tragedy has now been largely lost to history. This movie is a journey through the early history of Los Angeles and the city's water needs. This ever growing demand led to larger and larger projects, and eventually to tragedy. The film discusses the history of the tragedy, the roll of William Mulholland in the disaster and the city's water development, and how the lessons of the tragedy reflect on our current infrastructure needs today.
1338 ::: Kaidan semushi otoko (1965) ::: horror ::: A man, Chonin Mitake, dies crazy after long agony, and his dead body is cremated. His widow Yoshi, investigating on the past of her husband, goes to the mansion where he had lived, a building Leftly nicknamed "Satan's Pit" (a suggestive statue of Satan is situated in the atrium of the mansion) managed by a hunchbacked caretaker. Soon some visitors reach the house. the hunchbacked keeper warns...
1339 ::: Vice Versa (1948) ::: comedy ::: Businessman Paul Bultitude is sending his son Dick to a boarding school. While holding a magic stone from India, he wishes that he could be young again. His wish is immediately fulfilled and the two change bodies with each other. Mr Bultitude becomes a school boy who smokes cigars and has a very conservative view on child upbringing, while his son Dick becomes a gentleman who spends his time drinking lemonade and arranging children's parties.
1340 ::: The Chatroom (2010) ::: adult ::: Jamie is a nursing intern who is paying off her student loans by performing as a cam model named Justine. One night she witnesses a possible murder, her husband and the police both dismiss it as a hoax. But when she starts to receive threats she starts to suspect everyone.
1341 ::: Moving Picture (1995) ::: short ::: My starting point is the astonishing experience of the changes in one and the same picture. The motive of the film is the view out of my studio window. I imagine various motives in the street - for example, glittering water with flying white seagulls, a portrait of Barbara Stanwyck, a scene from Berin and one from San Francisco. A house facade as compressed memory, an ephemeral film between inside and out, between then and now.
1342 ::: The Sea Around Us (1953) ::: documentary ::: Irwin Allen explores the mysteries of the deep blue sea in this Technicolor documentary. Based on Rachel L. Carson's famous study, this Oscar winning project investigates everything under the sea, from sharks, whales and octopuses to microscopical creatures and their coexistence in this vast underwater world. This Academy Award-winning 1952 documentary takes the viewer into the majestic world of the sea, providing beautiful footage of a wide array of sea life from above and below the surface in their natural habitats. Narrated by 'Don Forbes' (qv), its images range from the beautiful -- tropical fish in the Great Barrier Reef -- to the dramatic -- a battle between an octopus and a shark. There is also an interesting look at wildlife-related jobs, such as crab farmer and shark walker.
1343 ::: "I apodrasi" (1987) ::: crime ::: Vassilis Gasparis is a convict who escaped from prison after the help of an illegal group of terrorists.After the escape,he is hiding in his girlfriend's house.The police is after him and the terrorists want to harm him, too.So Gasparis is alone against the police and the terrorists
1344 ::: Paul Anka: The Music Man (2000) ::: biography ::: The authorized documentary tells the remarkable story of the Canadian-born singer, songwriter, actor and entertainer whose life has seen more twists of fate and turns of fortune than any Charles Dickens novel. Guest stars include, Donnie Osmond, Donald Trump, Burt Bacharach, Dick Clark and David Foster. The soundtrack features hits from a prolific career that has spanned 5 decades: Diana, Lonely Boy, Put Your Head On My Shoulder, You Are My Destiny, I Don't Like To Sleep Alone, Nothing Stronger Than Our Love and My Way, written for Frank Sinatra.
1345 ::: The Lure of Gentrification (2009) ::: short ::: am Bauer is a new resident to the aspiring Brooklyn neighborhood of Propsect Heights. His opinion on the neighborhood is an unflattering one; but a common one shared by his socio-economic demographic. However, the fact that rent is cheap is enough of a reason for him to live there and tolerate the slow gentrification of its original residents. Denise Brown is a long-term resident of the same area. However, crime and rising rent has pushed her deeper into the heart of Brooklyn. She wants nothing more than to be able to live respectfully where she grew up. But can both groups co-exist? And would they want to if they could?
1346 ::: Hungry Wives (1972) ::: drama ::: Joan Mitchell is an unhappy, suburban housewife pushing 40, who has an uncommunicative businessman husband, named Jack, and a distant 19-year-old daughter, named Nikki, on the verge of moving out of the house. Frustrated at her current situation, Joan seeks solace in witchcraft after visiting Marion Hamilton, a local tarot reader and leader of a secret black arts wicca set, who inspires Joan to follow her own path. After dabbling a little in witchcraft, Joan, believing herself to have become a real witch, withdraws into a fantasy world and sinks deeper and deeper into her new lifestyle until the line between fantasy and reality becomes blurred and eventually tragedy results.
1347 ::: Ji-geum-eun-mat-go-geu-ddae-neun-teul-li-da (2015) ::: drama ::: Quite by accident, a film director arrives in town a day early. With time to kill before his lecture the next day, he stops by a restored, old palace and meets a fledgling artist. She's never seen any of his films, but knows he's famous. They talk. And together, they go to her workshop to look at her paintings, have Sushi and Soju. More conversation follows, and drinks, and then an awkward get-together with friends where all sorts of secrets are revealed. All the while, they may or may not be falling for each other. Then, quite unexpectedly, we begin again, but now things appear somewhat different.
1348 ::: The Sword of Giyaman (????) ::: drama ::: Late 18th Century Japan, the Shogun era has just ended and is now at the mercy of a tyrannical emperor. The remaining Samurais and a new pro-democratic group begin to uprise against the emperor. The pro-democratic group begins the search of a mysterious sword, "The Sword of Giyaman", which is so valuable that it can possible tip the balance of power in their favor. Will it be enough to save Japan?
1349 ::: Growing Holes (2005) ::: short ::: A prison chain gang digs two fresh graves for men destined to be executed that night. As time slips away for the murderers' salvation, the grave diggers' mixed reactions to the grim task split them apart and unravel the progress. The supervising boss is obliged to act and, himself, lead the group through the awful task and morally justify the indifferent nature of the world.
1350 ::: The Death and Life of Nancy Eaton (2003) ::: thriller ::: A television film based on the tragic death in 1985 of Nancy Eaton, department store heiress, brutally murdered by her childhood family friend. Based on the book, "A Question of Guilt", by William Scoular and Vivien Green and adapted for the screen by William Scoular, the story explores the nature of good and evil, and how the beautiful 23-year old Nancy Eaton pays the ultimate price for her kindness to a troubled childhood friend. The obsessions and delusions of 17-year-old Andrew Leyshon-Hughes end in a bloody encounter - with devastating effects on two of Canada's wealthiest families.
1351 ::: Hei dai hen (1978) ::: action ::: After an eventful day at the International Karate Tournament, our hero Robby, an ex-police man returns home to find his mother has keen brutally murdered and his blind sister raped. In his fury and anger he sets out on the trail of the murderer with the help of his old friend, Peter, a police inspector.
1352 ::: Um Uísque Antes, Um Cigarro Depois (1970) ::: comedy ::: Film in 3 episodes. In the 1st episode "Um Uísque Antes", Carlos is aware that his best friend Otávio is making passes at his wife Márcia and at a dinner party he intends to take revenge; in the 2nd episode "......" Maria has been seduced and abandoned by Joăo and seeks legal advice from a lawyer; in the final episode "e um Cigarro Depois", Robertinho is bewildered by Ivone's behavior -- by night time she's willing to play his love games, but by day time she treats him coldly.
1353 ::: When Einstein Lived in Pasadena (2004) ::: documentary ::: At the height of his fame, Albert Einstein was drawn to Pasadena because of the scientific work and groundbreaking developments coming out of the California Institute of Technology, (Caltech) and the Carnegie Institute's Mt. Wilson Observatory. It was also a forum to express his views on peace and world affairs. The 47-minute production includes hundreds of photos, press headlines, newsreel footage, and a never-before television broadcast recording of Einstein speaking in Pasadena in 1933, in English, as he expressed hope for peace with Germany. The speech is significant because within a few days Adolph Hitler would become German chancellor.
1354 ::: Carrot Top Rocks Las Vegas (2003) ::: comedy ::: Carrot Top, the red-headed wunderkind with a trunk full of giggles, invades Vegas and this one you won't want to miss. Filmed live at the MGM Grand, Carrot Top Rocks Las Vegas is a rock & roll hyper-reality comedy explosion with strobe laser lights, sound effects, pyrotechnics, and a fog machine.
1355 ::: "Skin Wars: Fresh Paint" (2016) ::: reality-tv ::: Round one - artists are challenged to paint a realistic face on the back of a model's head. Round two - artists are challenged to paint a dual scene : one half in color, one half in black & white. Round three - artists are challenged to create a Road Warrior character based on a motorcycle with bold colors and design/custom paint job to inspire the storyline of the character.
1356 ::: Offspring (2009) ::: horror ::: Survivors of a feral flesh-eating clan are chowing their way through the locals. Amy Halbard and Claire Carey strive to survive their abduction by the cannibals and save their children. A subplot involving Claire's despicable husband, Steven, gives an opportunity to cleverly compare predatory civilized folk to the appetite-driven primitives. On February 27th, 1858, in Bangor's Dead River, the family of Daniel Cook, keeper of the Barnet Lighthouse vanished mysteriously. Later on, in 1902, a great-granddaughter went missing too in the same area where several incidents of grisly murders and child abductions were reported ever since. Who could be the culprit? Nowadays, the Halbards and their baby girl are living peacefully in the region, unbeknownst to them that Cook's descendants and their clan of cannibalistic inbred savages who keep moving in the mainland have alarmingly approached their house. As the local Police with the aid of seasoned ex-cop George Chandler comb the lush woods to find the flesh-eaters' cave, the clan while still on the loose, craving the innocent Halbard baby for its powers, will hunt down each and every one of them until there is no one left in the way. Is the Halbards' will to survive strong enough against the feral primitives' brutal acts of carnage?
1357 ::: The Ode (2008) ::: drama ::: A young, gay Indian flees to Hollywood, away from an overprotective mother and memories of his father's violent death. A successful banker by day, at night his life unravels in a blur of alcohol, drugs, and sex as he grapples with love, loss and ultimately, forgiveness.
1358 ::: The PUSH: Owning your reality is where the journey begins (2017) ::: documentary ::: On March 5, 2010, while filming a snowmobiling segment in the Sierra Nevada back-country, Grant Korgan burst-fractured his L1 vertebrae and was told he would never walk again. Despite his prognosis, Grant Korgan and his wife Shawna, focused on the goal of 120% recovery. On January 17, 2012, along with two seasoned explorers, Grant attempted the impossible, and became the first spinal cord injured athlete to literally PUSH himself ~nearly 100 miles (the final degree of latitude) to the most inhospitable place on the planet - the bottom of the globe, the geographic South Pole.
1359 ::: Garbage Men (????) ::: action ::: Emblem.. A company that has become known as the single largest pharmaceutical company in the world. On the surface it is just a pharmaceutical company that world leaders turn to when an outbreak happens. Under the surface Emblem is ran by scientists who specialize in pseudoscience and gene manipulation. Curing illness or designing diseases for the highest bidder. As the wealthiest superpower in the world they have learned to guard their secrets, with their hybrid mutations there is no one that can stand in their way. Until the day one off their lead Assassins goes Rogue.
1360 ::: Before the Movies (2007) ::: comedy ::: "Before the Movies" is KLE Pictures' fourth completed film, and their first intentionally starring their dog, Bisbee. It's a mockumentary about what Andrew, Sean, Ryan, and Matthew supposedly did before making movies. They drift from occupation to occupation in this film, made in a period of only 24 hours. Some of the jobs are a security guard, private investigator, Bisbee's personal manager, ballerina, comedians, and even a pirate. While the infamous "Ghost Hunters" segment may drag on too long, "Before the Movies" is overall better than its predecessors.
1361 ::: Sopralluoghi per un film su un poliziotto ucciso (2010) ::: biography ::: Palermo, today. Marcello is a Sicilian journalist who worked round the whole Italy and in foreign countries for lot of years. He came back to Sicily and he is working there. One day, while the returning from one of his services, often in the provincial towns, he received a phone call. A film director, from Rome, ordered him to go for a research about the police officer Giorgio Boris Giuliano in order to realize a film. Giuliano has been killed on 21st July 1979 by the mafia, exactly from Leoluca Bagarella. Marcello accepts well gladly the job and he begins his "hunting." Crossing the city and the memory of his citizens, Marcello meets people who has known the police officer Giuliano, friends of him, people who worked with him, people who followed him example. Marcello meets people which remember the great humanity of Giuliano. And Marcello will actually find it, in the folds of the memories, inside the eyes of the people, he was talking with, in the emotion of their telling. The editing creates a continuum with the telling stories and the scenes we set in 1979, and where we can see Giuliano during his job and the day of his death, the 21st July 1979.
1362 ::: Bertolt Brecht: Übungstücke für Schauspieler (1964) ::: short ::: Two of Brecht's "practice pieces for actors" are performed: "Romeo and Juliet" translated by George Tabori and "Hamlet" translated by Michael Lebeck. (These pieces are virtually unknown to students and are never performed.) Performers: Lotte Lenya, Micki Grant, David Rounds, Rudolph Weiss, Oliver Clark, Roscoe Lee Browne. These are dramatic scenes which Brecht wrote and had his own actors rehearse as preparation for full-length productions of the corresponding Shakespeare plays. The scenes reduce the "heroic" stature of the Shakespearean characters by showing them as ordinary people with the usual needs and vices, living in a world where economics is inevitably more influential than principle. The idea, in Socialist East Germany where Brecht lived and worked, was that the actors' own egos would be deflated by these scenes, and the result would be a more "human" portrayal. The scenes were therefore rehearsed but then omitted from actual performance of the full play.
1363 ::: (Flick Flight Flimsy) Ernest Fenollosa (2006) ::: short ::: In the parks in China, people practice Tai Chi, English and Chinese. Each in his language space is trying to see into the others' space. Someone is embroidering the Chinese word 'wen,' which means language or culture. Machines make marks that look like language. A poet and a sinologist talk about Ernest Fenollosa, whose essay, 'The Chinese Written Character as a Medium for Poetry ' has been an inspiration to poets and an embarrassment to sinologists. Part of HEAP, a series of experimental portraits of Westerners who have studied, imagined, loved, and misunderstood China.
1364 ::: Wholetrain (2006) ::: drama ::: This feature length documentary takes a look at the graffiti movement, and the young people who populate the niche culture. Following four such artists as they shape the graffiti community through both their art and their interactions, the film tells the story of how the foursome's decision to paint an entire train would affect their lives forever.
1365 ::: Wan Pipel (1976) ::: drama ::: Roy is a handsome Surinam man, who studies in Amsterdam. He hurriedly left his Dutch girlfriend Karina to visit his dying mom in Paramaribo. Back in his homeland, Roy soon becomes obsessed with his own country and it's culture. When he falls for the Hindu nurse Rubia, the conservative Hindu and Black communities are in revolt. One day Karina arrives in Surinam too.
1366 ::: Domestic Violence Is Everybody's Business (2003) ::: documentary ::: "Domestic Violence is Everybody's Business," calls attention to domestic violence. Two victims shared their compelling, personal experience of living in abusive homes. The video is available in English and Spanish. The documentary premiered at the Dallas Museum of Art and was accepted into the 2003 Dallas Video Festival. Exhibited at the Dallas Museum of Art. Dallas Video Festival, Finalist.
1367 ::: The National Parks of Africa Part 2 (1999) ::: documentary ::: This series Tours the National Parks of Africa and stops includes visits to the following parks: East Africa- Includes visits to the following parks: The Serengetti, Thrangire, Murchison Falls, Lake Manyara, Amboseli, Kimana and Lake Nakuru.
1368 ::: "Busted on the Job: Caught on Tape" (1996) ::: reality-tv ::: A 'reality-TV' show consisting of office security camera footage showing employees engaging in various crimes or violations of company rules. While shoplifting is the most common activity, the show includes tapes of people vandalizing their workplace, stealing from customers, having sex, and even burning down their offices.
1369 ::: Manchild: The Schea Cotton Story (2016) ::: documentary ::: "Manchild" is a documentary about a Los Angeles basketball legend by the name of Schea Cotton. There have been many stories told about Schea, and all of the ones about what he did on the court are true. This time though Schea and the people closest to him tell the story about what REALLY happened. A star studded documentary featuring Scoop Jackson, Paul Pierce, Baron Davis, Ron Artest, Tyson Chandler, Jason Hart, Stephen Jackson and Elton Brand to name a few. There is no such thing as a "lock" for the NBA because if that were the case Schea Cotton would be there, no doubt.
1370 ::: Rachel: A Perfect Life (2007) ::: documentary ::: Rachel is a single mother and a very resilient young woman who has faced many problems in her past. Now she wants brain surgery to rid her of the epilepsy that is ruling her life. This intimate observational documentary follows her through the assessment process for brain surgery and the subsequent surgery, with many dramatic turns along the way.
1371 ::: The Winds of God: Kamikaze (2006) ::: comedy ::: Set in present day New York. A couple of poor comedians named Mike and Kinta, who dream of winning an Emmy Award, get into an accident just after losing their job at a nightclub. Surprisingly they recover their consciousness in a Japanese hospital during World War II. Mike and Kinta realize they have been reincarnated as Kamikaze pilots of the Japanese Navy.
1372 ::: Passion Despair (2011) ::: documentary ::: The documentary film portrays the Swiss Daniel, who lives in Moldova and specialises in photographing girls aged between 9 and 14. He has caused much controversy with the photos of his models which he sells via the internet. The film raises questions of how images are used and their effects in a world increasingly dominated by the media. However, it also shows girls' lives in Moldova's neighbour Transnistria, which does not officially exist. Modelling is not just an important additional source of income for the girls, but more importantly provides a change from the dullness of everyday life.
1373 ::: Marion (1997) ::: drama ::: Marion is a 10 year old schoolgirl, her family just moved into a Normandy village : the father is a mason, the mother takes care of their four children. She meets "the Parisians", a wealthy childless couple having a cottage in the neighborhood. Audrey, the woman, becomes fond of Marion, who is more and more often invited to the cottage...
1374 ::: Thin Air (2002) ::: drama ::: Somewhere in rural Louisiana, on the banks of Mississippi River, four disparate characters end up living in a house together. Louise is a frustrated painter who inherited a house when her grandfather died a year ago. Pascale, a geomorphologist from France, came to study global warming but now cannot return home because of a newly acquired fear of flying. E.A., an old friend of Louise's grandfather, came to visit and is left without a backup plan once he learns of his friend's passing. Luke, also a painter, takes Louise up on an offer to set up in her studio, soon moving into her life as well. The story of these four unlikely housemates wanders between documentary and fantasy, clarity and ambiguity, and builds a sense of mood from the awkward moments and seamless flow of everyday life.
1375 ::: Moon in Taurus (1980) ::: drama ::: 'Moon in Taurus' is the story of a Swiss film-maker who, after an absence of five years returns to a small town in America where a love affair had come to an abrupt and, for him, unhappy end. Together with his film team, he tries to discover the reasons for the break-up of his relationship. His ex-girlfriend has since married and is in the throes of divorce. Parallel to this, he re-lives his own love relationship to this woman. Following a period of analytical observation, he becomes more and more involved with his own problems. 'Moon in Taurus' is a film without actors, for all the participants act themselves. This method aims at an exceptional authenticity which makes it possible for the viewer to compare the relationship conflicts with his own, and to experience the cultural differences between the continents of Europe and America.
1376 ::: Beach (2011) ::: drama ::: Cata, Pia and Flo are three friends that head to the beach planning to spend the summer vacations of their lives. Pablo, rebel surfer and Pia's ex-boyfriend, hires them to work at the local sandwich shop he and his older brother Robert own and which their dad opened for them so they'd learn about the value of hard work. During this summer the girl will learn to be independent. Their lives will change when friendship, social status differences and love start bringing them apart as each searches for their own meaning of independence and happiness. Pia will leave the home the three friends share as she feels misunderstood and discovers her boyfriend Carlo's affair with her sister Pilar. Cata will also end her relationship with Arturo, her first boyfriend ever, as she realizes she's in love with Robert and can't live her life making decisions based on what everyone else wants from her and constantly jeopardizing her own happiness. And Flo will try to overcome her snobbishness when she develops a crush on Jose, Pablo's friend and partner at a local surf shop.
1377 ::: The Tree (2008) ::: short ::: It's a hot steamy summer day in Brooklyn and Spano gets an idea to plant a tree for some relief. Shaded and relaxed, he is able to read his newspaper in peace. Now, the entire neighborhood wants in, driving Spano out of his shade and over the edge.
1378 ::: Nosilatiaj. La Belleza (2012) ::: drama ::: Set in the north of Argentina. Yolanda, a young girl of Wichi origin, tells in her native language (Wichi Lhämtes), the story of how, as a family maid in a "criollo" home, she has her hair unjustly cut: this is her most particular trait, her beauty. This event jeopardizes her cultural ties with the "criollo" world and defines her destiny.
1379 ::: "Neurotica" (2017) ::: comedy ::: Ivy has it all: her morning coffee, her OCD relatively under control, and a small but thriving business as the only Dominatrix in beautiful upstate New York. Unfortunately for Ivy, news of a rival dungeon coming to town has thrown her OCD back into high gear, and now she's losing clients. Can Ivy save her business, overcome her fears, and find true love? Probably.
1380 ::: Flesh and Blood (2017/I) ::: drama ::: Based on real life events & captured in a hyperrealistic style, Flesh & Blood unapologetically straddles the line between narrative & documentary to lay bare the beautifully flawed nature of life. Reality belies fiction & vice versa as the characters in the film are played by their real-life counterparts. The central character, Mark, is played by director/actor Mark Webber & draws from elements of Mark's actual life. The character of Guillermo (Mark's younger brother who struggles with Asperger's Syndrome in real life) is played by Mark Webber's actual younger brother Guillermo & takes us on a true-to-life journey through the eyes of a misunderstood & bullied teenager. The character of Big G is played by Guillermo's actual father who in reality & in the film is coming to grips with drug addiction, the abandonment of his son & imminent death from "Hep C". Similarly the character of Cheri is played by Cheri Honkala, Mark's real-life mother, anti-poverty activist & the Green Party's nominee for vice-president in the 2012 U.S. presidential election. Her activism & choices in men are a constant source of conflict in her relationships with her children. The film leads up to a pivotal scene wherein Mark the character & consequently the real-life Mark confronts a central figure from his past in hopes of finding the answers to a childhood mired in pain & an adulthood beset with addiction. In the end there is only one question: Will Mark's life remain defined by his own Flesh & Blood?
1381 ::: EV Nova (2002) ::: sci-fi ::: After the collapse of the universal government (Colonial Council) and the hypergate system of space travel, new governments arose across outer space. Having survived a devastating rebel war, some people bound together to form the Federation of United Planets. After several hundred years, the intent of rogues within the Federation became clear, and Commander Krane, head of the Bureau of Internal Investigation (the corrupt, controlling agency of the Federation), began her quest to slaughter anyone that does not obey the Federation, including native alien races. Universal war is raged between the native races, the Federation, space pirates, and Federation rebels that wish to topple the Bureau of Internal Investigation and restore democracy to the people. The player takes on the role of an inexperienced pilot in this universe that has been devastated by war. The decisions that the player makes will lead him or her on a massive role-playing quest that ultimately reaches one of six endings. Whether the Bureau of Internal Investigation collapses or triumphs depends on the decisions of the lone pilot that the player assumes.
1382 ::: Utan Hud (????) ::: drama ::: Sara has for a long time felt mentally unwell. Feelings of anxiety, emptiness and doubts in herself creep on to her in an ever increasing strength. When her faithful sister Mary moves to London and her charismatic friend Veronica gets a job in Oslo her life collapses. Sara has to rely on alcohol, medication and self-destructive behavior to keep her mental problems at bay. With a growing paranoia combined with the effects of strong medication Sarah's life turns into a downward spiral and eventually she becomes a danger to herself and to her loved ones.
1383 ::: Dark Assumptions (2018) ::: horror ::: A group of college kids throw a get together and decide to pull a prank on one of the other kids in their old highschool. When the prank goes wrong, things take a turn for the worse causing this get together to turn to the worst night of their life.
1384 ::: The Wrong House (2016) ::: thriller ::: Rebecca Lassiter and her husband Brian leave New York City to move to Los Angeles and find the perfect suburban house for them and their young daughter. However, a local personal trainer named Kathleen Strickland has a secret past with this home and becomes distraught when she loses the house to the young couple in a bidding war. Shortly after moving in, Rebecca and Brian notice strange things start to happen--food deliveries they did not order, rat and pest control dispatched without their knowledge, and finally--a rock thrown through the window. The Lassiter's ideal life quickly begins to unravel and their family's safety is put in jeopardy as they realize Kathleen will stop at nothing to get her house.
1385 ::: Laila at the Bridge (????) ::: documentary ::: Set against the backdrop of the drug war in Afghanistan, Laila at the Bridge is the story of an Afghan woman working against all odds to care for the thousands of men and women addicted to heroin who live under an infamous bridge in the heart of Kabul.
1386 ::: Seoului dalbit (1991) ::: drama ::: After her husband abandons her, Madam Min enter into real estate in the hopes of getting rich quickly. She buys out many farms and re-sells them to businesses seeking to build factories and warehouses. Chang-min, in an effort to save his ancestral land from being developed, goes to Seoul to plead with Min not to destroy the land.
1387 ::: Longchamps (2011) ::: mystery ::: The Third World War has broken out. The Earth is cut off any communication. Twenty-four people are attending a party in a house located on the outskirts of Buenos Aires. Everyone is hiding secrets, personal tragedies and has undisclosed goals. In a corner, there are the musical scores that complete an unfinished work from Béla Bartók, maybe the only way to save the world.
1388 ::: Dhating Dhingana (2013) ::: comedy ::: Rahul (Ankush Choudhary), an eligible bachelor loves reading comics and dreams of marrying a girl whose life is full of adventures. His mother Snehal (Vandana Gupte) wants him to get married to her old friend Colonel's (Late Anand Abhyankar's) fashionable daughter Gauri (Aditi Saragdhar), who too is looking forward to marry a handsome young man. So, to make his mother happy, Rahul calls Gauri and asks her to come dressed up in modern clothes at a temple; so as to enable both of them to identify each other. But, Rahul mistakens Nisha, a pick pocket, for Gauri. Gauri is mistaken to be a relative by Devaa (Prasad Oak), who comes to Pune from Alibag for a job in a bank. At the same time, Inspector Rasal (Atul Parchure) and his lady assistant inspector (Shweta Shinde) are on a mission to arrest a gangster (Uday Sabnis), who is expected to visit a bank to deposit the stolen diamonds in the locker. It is almost at the same time a gang of five short men plan to rob the bank.
1389 ::: Sisters (2006) ::: adult ::: Jessica is young and confused. She doesn't understand the strange feelings she has had for her older sister. It's more than a simple admiration, she feels an overwhelming love for her. With no one to talk to her about her desires, Jessica is lost in a whirlwind of emotions.
1390 ::: 40 gradi all'ombra del lenzuolo (1976) ::: comedy ::: Five short comic sketches, all unrelated to each other, except that they are all expressions of Italian sexual humor. In one sketch, Marty Feldman plays a bodyguard, hired by her father to watch a young woman; he watches her a little too closely. In another, while Barbara Bouchet's husband is out of town on business, a stranger offers her twenty million lire in return for sex. Three times he offers, three times she protests and then consents, only to find out in the end that both the man and his sixty million lire are -- oh, but that would spoil the ending. :-)
1391 ::: Psychotic (2014) ::: horror ::: When Michael becomes Jealous of his roommate Jennifer receiving lots of attention from men and women he convinces Jennifer that her boyfriend is cheating on her and this is when Jennifer starts killing people. This is what Michael always wanted to accomplish. Michael kills people out of Jealousy and the two go on a killing rampage. They both Have split personalities. Michael also travels do to his work in the music industry where he also kills during his travels. Eventually it is discovered that some of the killings are a dream.
1392 ::: Follow Me (2006) ::: short ::: "Follow Me" is a quirky short film about a girl who decides to stalk her best friend's stalker. When Emily learns that a boy named Grover has been following her friend and roommate Melissa around - she decides to confront him. She's taken for a loop when he convinces her that an invented relationship may be the best kind of all: no fighting, no problems, just (imaginary!) bliss. So what if it's not real? "It's real to me," Grover tells Emily - and she sees his point. After that, she can't help but tease Grover - popping up every time he's trying to watch Melissa. But can she convince him to follow her instead?
1393 ::: Tarka képzelet - Renoir álmai (2003) ::: short ::: Paris in the mid-1870s. The Montmartre Hill: music, pomegranate squash, sweet bread, top hats and the girls of the sweet bread mill... August Renoir's loves in five pictures (Moulin de la Galette, La balançoire, La loge, Les parapluies, Sur la terrasse).
1394 ::: Miss Kicki (2009) ::: drama ::: "Kicki has after several years abroad returned to Sweden. Her 17-year old son has been brought up by his grandmother and has a very distant relationship to his mother. In an effort to get reacquainted Kicki invites her son to join her on vacation in Taiwan. But her hidden agenda is that Taipei is also the home of the Taiwanese businessman with whom she has been conducting an Internet romance". Viktor visits Taiwan with his mother Kicki. He secretly hopes to meet the father he has never seen, but his mother's heart is completely elsewhere. Conflicts arise between them, and as Viktor gets closer with his Taiwanese friend Didi, the gap between mother and son widens.
1395 ::: Today is the Day (2016) ::: documentary ::: Deep in Mexico, Carlos, an indigenous Tarahumara who left his community to be trained as a nurse, has returned to his homeland to try to save babies and mothers who have been dying at a high rate during childbirth. These deaths (far too common in indigenous groups worldwide) further threaten an already dwindling population and its dying culture.
1396 ::: Heart Full of Rain (1997) ::: drama ::: A young man returns to the family farm after being gone for six years. But it is not until he fights shoulder to shoulder with his father to save the farm from a flood that his father finally forgives him for leaving.
1397 ::: Sky High Corral (1926) ::: western ::: When the Government incorporates Bill Hayden's ( Tom Lingham ) ranch into a Federal game preserve, Jack McCabe ( Art Acord ), a forest ranger, is sent to serve an eviction notice on Hayden and his daughter, Shasta ( Marguerite Clayton ). Hayden resists the order, and Jack falls in love with Shasta. Whitey Durk ( Duke R. Lee ) steals Hayden's cattle and pins the blame on Jack. The burly ranger later rescues Hayden and Shasta from Duke's men and brings the bandits into court. The law establishing the game preserve is repealed, and Shasta confesses her love for Jack.
1398 ::: El grillo (2013) ::: drama ::: A beautiful house, with fruit and nut trees, and a vegetable garden. The summer is about to begin and the sound of the cricket, chirp chirp, fills the air. Graciela, an architect who retired after her partner passed away, has lost her cat. Holanda, an actress who is getting ready for an upcoming opening, finds herself growing old alone and increasingly tired of drama. Gabriel, the gardener who is also Graciela's lover, does not seem to be much more than a mere bystander. A terminal illness comes to define the ties between them. The cricket sings and nobody listens.
1399 ::: "S.O.B." (????) ::: drama ::: A police dispatcher adverse to guns and violence finds his runaway teenage daughter been kidnapped by human traffickers. He transfers to El Paso's vice squad on a relentless mission to find her. The series follows a religious man's journey into the heart of "sexually oriented businesses" his evolution into a criminal mind.
1400 ::: Black Dragon River (1976) ::: action ::: Keo-Am wants to learn martial arts from Park Sang-bong but doesn't get the permission as he is a lover of Park's daughter but is ousted from there. He learns martial arts from Japanese and helps Japan to invade Korea. Sang-Bong suffers from this news. Keo-Am is a son of Park's friend and Park wants him to be a farmer and that's why Park didn't teach the martial arts to him. Park's daughter, Ok-Nyeo and Il-Jae, Park's disciple, tell the truth to Keo-Am, who accepts the fact that he is Korean.
1401 ::: Jane Doherty Investigates (2004) ::: documentary ::: Real life psychic Jane Doherty takes 4 participants (a bouncer, a marine, a tarot card reader and your average joe) into one of the most haunted areas in the United States to perform 2 seances...this is the truest sense a reality show...the people are real, the psychic is credible and truely odd and unexplainable things happen during the program. this is the first of a six dvd series where psychic Jane Doherty will investigate a paranormal area... This is the first ever paranormal reality program in the sense that nothing in its creation was staged, fabricated, or altered. what you are watching is what happened to these people during their stay in what is considered one of the most haunted areas of the United States
1402 ::: A Junkie Love Story (2016) ::: drama ::: BLACK TAR ROAD is a gritty, dark, love story between two women, Heather and Charlie, who meet at a desolate truck stop. Charlie McElroy (Amber Lee) is a drug mule, who mules drugs for an operation that is run out of an interstate truck stop. After Charlie hangs around town where she meets Heather Plath, (Noelle Messier) a hardened truck stop prostitute who's spent her life in the rural landscape. Few films are more despairing and yet, curiously, so hopeful as this one, which argues that even at the very end of the road, at the final extremity, we can find some solace in the offer and acceptance of love. These women fall in love with each other. BLACK TAR ROAD is a gritty, dark, love story between two women, Heather and Charlie, who meet at a desolate truck stop in Texas. Charlie McElroy (Amber Lee) is a drug mule, who mules drugs for an operation that is run out of an interstate truck stop. After Charlie hangs around town where she meets Heather Plath, (Noelle Messier) a hardened truck stop prostitute who's spent her life in the rural landscape. Few films are more despairing and yet, curiously, so hopeful as this one, which argues that even at the very end of the road, at the final extremity, we can find some solace in the offer and acceptance of love. These women fall in love with each other. Originally titled Lot Lizard, it then became A Junkie love story, and is now the final title Black Tar Road; A Junkie Lovestory.
1403 ::: Muskarci (1963) ::: comedy ::: An office clerk, father of four, takes all responsibilities around the house when his busy wife takes up her job specialization. Now his male cooperatives and tenants of the building where he lives are all worried about their future marital position.
1404 ::: "Served" (2017) ::: comedy ::: Served is a half hour, ensemble comedy-drama that follows the vibrant staff of a stylish LA eatery in their effort to function as a makeshift family, framed - in part - through the journey of a young Hispanic man whose hopes of being a server are suddenly dashed when he's relegated to the back of the house.
1405 ::: Adventures of Bailey: The Lost Puppy (2010) ::: family ::: Bailey, an adorable Golden Retriever puppy, is moving! On the road trip to their new home, his family makes a stop and mistakenly leaves Bailey behind. This mischievous and playful pup sets out to find his family and stumbles across "Sharkarosa," an exotic wildlife ranch. At the ranch, Bailey meets and is befriended by an assortment of animals, including kangaroos, camels, a bearcat, a baby tiger, and "Puck," the sheepdog entrusted with running "Sharkarosa." Will Bailey ever see his family again? Or will he be left to work at the ranch until the "Cows Come Home?"
1406 ::: Svindleren (2005) ::: documentary ::: Richard Ringheim is a young celebrity criminal whose initially funny story turns ugly. From white-collar crime and zany stunts, he slides into a darker reality, where he plays a high-stake game involving forces few dare challenge.
1407 ::: Cat Burglar Conflict (2013) ::: adult ::: Sexy rival cat burglars battle over their turf alternately capturing, stripping, binding and gagging their rival until a spurned colleague places both buxom brunettes in naked bondage, taking pictures of his squirming victims to commemorate the event.
1408 ::: "Hate to Lose" (2011) ::: romance ::: hen two divorce attorneys who are married want a divorce from each other, can the proceedings possibly be civil? Yeon Hyung Woo (Yoon Sang Hyun) and Lee Eun Jae (Choi Ji Woo) are experienced divorce attorneys who fall in love at first sight.
1409 ::: Extraordinary Measures (2010) ::: drama ::: A Portland couple have two children with Pompe disease, a genetic anomaly that kills most before a child's tenth birthday. The husband, John, an advertising executive, contacts Robert Stonehill, a researcher in Nebraska who has done innovative research for an enzyme treatment. He has little money to fund his laboratory, and a thorny personality that drives away colleagues and funders. John and his wife Aileen raise money to help Stonehill's research and the required clinical trials. John takes on the task full time, working with venture capitalists and then rival teams of researchers. Time is running short, Stonehill's angry outburst hinder the company's faith in him, and the profit motive may upend John's hopes. The researchers race against time for the children who have the disease.
1410 ::: Welcome to Nollywood (2007) ::: documentary ::: The Nigerian film industry, known as Nollywood, has exploded in the last ten years. Now the most popular cinema in all of west Africa--even more popular than imports of Hollywood or Bollywood films--the Nigerian film industry has distinguished itself by shooting all films (called video films) on digital video. This has allowed production schedules to be compressed (films are shot in several days) and immediately brought to market (distribution consists of bringing films to Idumota electronics market in Lagos and selling them for home viewing). The sheer volume of Nigerian video films is staggering: one estimate has a film being produced for each day of the year. Nollywood is now the third-largest film industry in the world, generating US$286 million a year for the Nigerian economy. And yet this vibrant, profitable industry is virtually unknown outside of Africa. Jamie Meltzer, director of "Off the Charts: The Song Poem Story," which premiered on PBS' prestigious Independent Lens series has created a fascinating look into this newly emerging film industry, exploring its peculiar inner workings, economic challenges, and diverse array of colorful films. Traveling to the country's chaotic capitol, Lagos, Meltzer spent six weeks following three of Nigeria's hottest directors, each different in personality and style, as they shot their films about love, betrayal, war, and the supernatural. "Welcome to Nollywood" tells the stories of these three directors and their latest productions, while also using interviews with scholars, actors, and journalists who celebrate the industry in insightful and often humorous ways, the Nigerian video-film industry as a whole, its unique character and genres, as well as its impact on the culture of west Africa and Africans at home and abroad.
1411 ::: Ebony Chunky Love: Bitch Can't Get a Date! (2007) ::: documentary ::: Ask Keith Price how he is, and you can bet he'll answer "Fabulous!" a term which also describes his one-man show. In Ebony Chunky Love, the NYC-based stand-up comic and Sirius OUT Q radio personality recounts his attempts to find success on the comedy circuit, his experiences as a person of color growing up gay in Texas, and his adventures in dating in the big city.
1412 ::: "The Magnificent Life of Meg" (2015) ::: comedy ::: Meet Meg, her life is MAGNIFICENT! Meg's got all the tips to go from gym class zero to gym class hero. Who cares if she had to take a couple soccer balls to the head to get there? But don't worry guys, when it comes to gym class, She's got this!
1413 ::: Jeungeon (1974) ::: war ::: Lieutenant Jang has plans for the weekend with his girl, but masses fighter planes from North Korea suddenly fill the skies of Seoul. It's June 25, 1950; the start of the Korean War. Despite the South's defense, the North Korean army bests them with high tech weaponry. We go from the invasion, all the way through the brutal battles to reclaim territory. The tragedy of war all told through personal experience.
1414 ::: Jag är med barn (1979) ::: comedy ::: Bosse works at an advertising agency while working on the novel of the century. At a burger restaurant he meets Lena, and before he knows it, she is pregnant. Bosse starts thinking that his life is all over, he won't get any more career opportunities, and never again will he have time for late night parties.
1415 ::: Lamont Big L Coleman (????) ::: mystery ::: Big L rap career lasted a short time but his influence touched many in New York state area and beyond (D.I.T.C., Children of the Corn, Gang Starr, 2Pac, Jay-Z, Kool G Rap, Big Daddy Kane) also sign his own label deal Columbia, Flamboyant Entertainment, Rawkus, Flamboyant.
1416 ::: Partir, revenir (1985) ::: drama ::: Salomé Lerner just finished writing an autobiograpy. She goes to a TV show called "Apostrophes", hosted by French TV showman Bernard Pivot. Pivot then imagines a film that could be created from her gripping story. A film entirely made of music because after seeing the young pianist Erik Berchot, Salomé believes seeing her long lost brother, who was a musician as well. A brother she had lost along with her parents in 1943. However, the Lerners did in fact escape the gestapo and might have based themselves in Paris...
1417 ::: The Way of Seeming (????) ::: horror ::: Something is wrong in the small borough of Industry, Pennsylvania. For almost seventy years, there have been stories, whispers of strange goings-on in the hills above the Ohio River. In the suffocating darkness of these wooded roads, it's said that animals turn rabid. That the shadows themselves will reach out and take you. That those the forest claims, the forest keeps. All Dawn knows is that her sister went into that forest, and never came out. And too soon after, Dawn's mother perished under psychiatric care, claiming she could still hear her missing daughter calling to her from the forest. Begging for help. But so can Dawn. Since that first fateful night, Dawn's sister has come to visit every time she closes her eyes. And recently, even when they're open. Desperate to find answers before she shares her mother's fate, Dawn's journey is spiraling towards its end. Before it's over, she and those she loves will uncover the truth behind Mystery Mile...or die trying.
1418 ::: Blindness of Devotion (1915) ::: drama ::: Fortune-hunting Renee Delaveaux marries the Count de Carney to get her hands on his money. But she falls into a liaison with the Count's ward, Pierre Cavereaux, a handsome young soldier. Pierre, however, betrays her by seducing and marrying the Count's niece Bella. The furious Renee brings the quadrangle crashing down when she attempts murder.
1419 ::: Legend of the Chupacabra (2000) ::: horror ::: The Chupacabra (Spanish for "goat sucker")--Is it mere folklore? A government conspiracy? Some weirdo in a latex suit? When the mutilation of her uncle's goats (and her uncle) by the brutal Chupacabra is caught on tape, Maria Esperanza vows to find out despite the superstitious fears of the locals.
1420 ::: The Magnetic Monster (1953) ::: sci-fi ::: Working for O.S.I., the Office of Scientific Investigation, A-Man agent Jeffrey Stewart and his partner Dan Forbes are sent to a local hardware store where they find a strong magnetic field has magnetized every metal item in the store. Investigating further, they eventually trace the source of the magnetism to an airborn flight carrying scientist Howard Denker, now dying of radiation poisoning, who has carted on board with him a new radioactive element which he has bombarded with alpha particles for 200 hours. The element, dubbed 'serranium' grows geometrically by creating matter out of energy which it absorbs from metallic objects surrounding it. Stewart calculates that if the substance is not destroyed soon that within 24 hours or so it will have grown large enough to throw Earth out of its orbit. With the discovery of atomic power the government has set up a special group, the Office of Scientific Investigation or OSI, to look into strange phenomena. Those who work there are known as A-Men (A as in Atom) and they are called in when a local appliance store owner finds that all of their products have become highly magnetized. The scientists are puzzled but their investigation leads them to a scientist who has invented a new element of tremendous power. Unless they can find a way to stop its growth, it will destroy the Earth.
1421 ::: The 6th Friend (2016) ::: horror ::: In this slasher film with a paranormal twist, six college best friends throw their own private graduation party when the stoner of the group orders in a psychedelic from her drug dealer, who sticks around to join in their fun. Drugged and disoriented, the girls' special night quickly becomes a dark, foggy nightmare of blood and violence. Five years later, the girls gather together once again in hopes of rekindling that close friendship that they once had, only to find themselves being hunted by who, or what, they do not know.
1422 ::: Touhou koubutou V (2017) ::: action ::: Touhou Kobuto V: Burst Battle is a bullet-hell battle game that takes place in the Touhou universe. Take control of one of nine Touhou characters and eliminate your opponent using bullet-hell patterns, melee attacks, or spell cards. Featuring ear-tingling beats for each character, you might just find yourself dancing while you play.
1423 ::: Pourquoi le dire? (2006) ::: drama ::: Two women must cope with their husband's mid-life crisis. Maria is authoring a documentary on the subject while her friend Genevieve, an artist, is preparing for an important exhibit that would guarantee her a permanent spot at an art gallery. During a foursome diner, Peter affirms he understands his fellow workers who have left their wives. Worry will progressively hit Genevieve when Claire, her neighbor announces she has witnessed some of Peter's activities!
1424 ::: The Last Scout (2017) ::: sci-fi ::: 2065...With Earth rendered uninhabitable by war, humanity's remaining survivors send a fleet of ships to different points in the galaxy in the hope of finding a new world. After seven years of travel and long since out of communication range, the crew of The Pegasus are nearing their destination when they encounter a derelict ship. As tensions on board rise and they struggle to complete their mission they soon realize that they are not alone and must fight for their survival - and the survival of the human race.
1425 ::: Illusion (2013/V) ::: drama ::: ILLUSION is a film about people, their wishes, fears, hopes and longings. A glance behind the facade of daily routine. A visually stunning cycle between reality and illusion, a carousel of emotions with thrilling twists. Eight people that cannot be more different meet in a BAR. For one night they escape their everyday life which is paralyzed of rituals and find themselves in a journey to their world of thoughts, their quintessential lust. Oppressed wishes, sexual fantasies and fears come to the surface and forgotten experiences are revealed. The evening takes its course.
1426 ::: Stare fuori (2008) ::: drama ::: Giulio, a young man from Sicily, arrives in Rome to trace back Aurora, his ex-girlfriend whom he cannot forget. He stays with a couple of family friends, Rosalia and Eugenio, who have lost their only son, Nello, of the same age as Giulio. The presence of Giulio in their house forces Rosalia and Eugenio to come out of their long period of mourning, but at the same time Giulio, realizing that he will probably never find Aurora, starts sinking into a depressive state fueled by drinks and drugs. Rosalia and Eugenio's efforts to get Giulio out of it are in vain and when Giulio finally meets Aurora by accident, things can only get worse.
1427 ::: Román pro zeny (2005) ::: comedy ::: This romantic comedy presents a story of two women, twenty-year-old Laura ('Zuzana Kanócz' (qv)), an editor at a woman's weekly, and her widowed mother, a translator-interpreter named Jana (('Simona Stasová' (qv)). The two of them tirelessly seek Mr. Right. Having once lived through an intense relationship with a 'typical' Czech man, Jana intentionally avoids Czech men. After several unsuccessful attempts, Laura falls in love with Oliver ('Marek Vasut' (qv)), a forty year old who works as an ad agency idea man. Little does she suspect that twenty years ago Oliver was Jana's true love...
1428 ::: Ninth Inning (2017) ::: drama ::: First time filmmaker Anthony Moore brings us inside the world of View High School's top baseball pitching prospect Chase Rocketts. All eyes are on Rocketts during his senior campaign, as he tries to lead his team to a fourth state baseball championship. As the View High School Cougars are off to a hot start, Rocketts quickly finds himself in the middle of a feud, that could not only jeopardize his quest for a fourth title, but his entire future as well.
1429 ::: Aussi loin que l'amour (1971) ::: drama ::: The boyfriend of Isabelle has just committed suicide. Therefore Isabelle roams the streets of Paris until she decides to change her life radically and leave the city. She travels to the coast where she meets a young history professor on the beach...
1430 ::: The Parking Lot Movie (2010) ::: documentary ::: The Parking Lot Movie is a documentary about a singular parking lot in Charlottesville, Virginia. The film follows a select group of parking lot attendants and their strange rite of passage. The eccentric brotherhood of attendants consist of grad students, overeducated philosophers, surly artists, middle-age slackers and more. This self-described "ragtag group of fractured poets" prefer skateboards and bicycles to cars and have at best a tolerant contempt for the people they serve. That's not to say they don't care about anything. They hang out at the lot even in their spare time, shooting the breeze or playing a spirited game of "flip cone," just because...they like it there. They conduct their own private "war" against the elites, the pretentious and obnoxious customers who park their BMWs, Hummers, Suburbans and other vehicles. They study the art of doing nothing and the knack of getting even with rude, SUV-driving dolts who treat them like inferior beings. The gradual devolution from enthusiasm to resentment in the psyches of guys self-aware enough to notice it is an interesting process; in an attempt to distract themselves from the rapidly mounting bitterness, the attendants amuse themselves any way they can-stenciling random messages on the parking gate, writing songs, even dancing for tips. Through interviews with former attendants who have moved on - we see that their time at the lot has clearly provided rites of passage and afforded them Zen-like perspective. As one parking attendant laments, "We had it all in a world that had nothing to offer us." If the intersection between the status quo and the quest for freedom is their ultimate challenge, could a slab of asphalt be an emotional way station for The American Dream?
1431 ::: Tough Guys (1986) ::: comedy ::: Harry and Archie are released from prison ready to collect their Social Security. How could they get into trouble at their age? Let's count the ways; A parole officer who is a famous criminal groupie, Dead end where people don't know they are dealing with dangerous, though older, criminals, a hit man who can barely see, but who still has an outstanding contract on them. Does anyone still rob trains?
1432 ::: Nations & Tribes (2011) ::: short ::: Produced and supervised by Shahin Yazdani, 'Nations and Tribes' takes the viewer on a journey through some aspects of the daily lives of people of different ethnic, cultural, and religious backgrounds living in the UAE. The film highlights the similarities of cultures and rituals, and also invites us to celebrate the differences.
1433 ::: The Spiral Bike Project (2005) ::: sport ::: This is a movie that tells the story of how a first time custom motorcycle builder (Jeff Bach) built his first bike. This is a family friendly instructional DVD intended for someone who is interested in learning and researching the process of building their own custom motorcycle. The bike was built over the winter of 2005 using common tools available to the average homeowner.
1434 ::: Alabama & Friends at the Ryman (2014) ::: music ::: Join superstar band Alabama in a once in a lifetime concert event, taped at the historic Ryman Auditorium, featuring on stage collaborations with country's biggest stars: Luke Bryan, Jason Aldean, Trisha Yearwood, Florida Georgia Line, Jamey Johnson and the Eli Young Band. Experience timeless tunes "Tennessee River", "Love In The First Degree", "I'm In A Hurry", "My Home's In Alabama", and more.
1435 ::: "Marde Hezar Chehreh" (2008) ::: comedy ::: Massoud Shastchi, a simple and honest man who lives and works in Shiraz, is thrown into a series of mistaken identity adventures while he travels to Tehran for a days. All of a sudden, this humble man whom no one ever remembers or wants to socialize with becomes the most sought after surgeon, the most respected police officer, a new age guru and finally a feared gangster before his consequent arrest!
1436 ::: El quinto rincón (2002/I) ::: short ::: Today is a decisive day in the life of Matthias was a boxing fight in the heavyweight category. But he's light heavyweight. Meanwhile, in the halls, their future is decided.
1437 ::: Stanley and Us (1999) ::: documentary ::: Three hapless directors arrive in England from Italy to make a documentary on their idol. The funny thing is, they have no interviews lined up! Not to worry, these guys have a miracle or two that they call in. The Stanley and Us project is a totally independent project which is always in progress. The shooting began in 1997, during the Venice Film Festival, when the Golden Lion for the career was given to Mr. Kubrick. The final result included interviews to more than 50 collaborators, friends and relatives, many shootings on the Kubrick's movie locations and a collection of documentation material, such as photos and screenplays. Most part of this material was organised in 38 episodes of 15 minutes each plus a 1 hour film for the Italian satellite channel Rai Sat, a book and a worldwide DVD release.
1438 ::: "Doctor Who Fan Series" (2007) ::: drama ::: Whilst having some leisure time, the Doctor meets a future incarnation of himself that could not possibly exist. Whilst pretending to be a human, this future Doctor takes him as a companion for this adventure. What mysteries will be uncovered?
1439 ::: Underdogs (2006) ::: comedy ::: "Acting is Happy Agony"- J. P. Sartre 11 vignettes on New York City's ever hopeful amateur actors and their search for a creative life filled with small triumphant moments.
1440 ::: Sign Space (2016) ::: documentary ::: 'Sign Space' follows the installation of an art exhibition, from the building of false walls up to the moment the exhibition opened its doors to the public. An accompanying narration reflects on exhibitions as a historical form, recounting the chain of processes which produced the set of institutional protocols in use today.
1441 ::: Pauly Shore Is Dead (2003) ::: comedy ::: Hollywood comedian/actor Pauly Shore loses everything: his house, nobody in Hollywood wants to represent him, he moves back home with his mom and is now parking cars at the Comedy Store. Then one night when he's up in his mom's loft, a dead famous comedian appears who tells Pauly to kill himself cause he'll go down as a comedic genius who died before his time. Pauly then fakes his own death, and the media goes crazy. Celebrities are talking about him on MTV and girls are fighting over him on Jerry Springer. It's everything that he wanted...his plan worked. A week or so later the LAPD is tipped off about his whereabouts and they break down the door of the seedy motel room that he's hiding out in and throw him in LA County's celebrity wing.
1442 ::: Wild Ginseng (2016) ::: short ::: In the 70s, a dumb Geum-ok who lives in a mountain village gathers medicinal herbs to earn a living. One day, she finds a precious wild ginseng by chance. After gathering it, she meets her old friend Jeong-tae who has injured his leg and his friend Jin-seok in the mountain.
1443 ::: In Jackson Heights (2015) ::: documentary ::: Jackson Heights, Queens, New York City is one of the most ethnically and culturally diverse communities in the United States and the world. There are immigrants from every country in South America, Mexico, Bangladesh, Pakistan, Afghanistan, India and China. Some are citizens, some have green cards, some are without documents. The people who live in Jackson Heights, in their cultural, racial and ethnic diversity, are representative of the new wave of immigrants to America. 167 languages are spoken in Jackson Heights. Some of the issues the film raises-assimilation, integration, immigration and cultural and religious differences-are common to all the major cities of the Western world. The subject of the film is the daily life of the people in this community-their businesses, community centers, religions, and political, cultural and social lives-and the conflict between maintaining ties to traditions of the countries of origin and the need to learn and adapt to American ways and values. This is Frederick Wiseman's third film about communities, the others being ASPEN and BELFAST, MAINE. In these films, as in all his films, he is trying to present a broad and complex portrait of contemporary life. Jackson Heights, Queens, New York City is one of the most ethnically and culturally diverse communities in the United States and the world. There are immigrants from every country in South America, Mexico, Bangladesh, Pakistan, Afghanistan, India and China. Some are citizens, some have green cards, some are without documents. The people who live in Jackson Heights, in their cultural, racial and ethnic diversity, are representative of the new wave of immigrants to America. The film raises issues of assimilation, integration, immigration and cultural and religious differences that also exist in all the major cities of the Western world.
1444 ::: Salva Tres Palmas (2008) ::: documentary ::: The coral reef is dying around the world due to the raising temperatures of the ocean and over-development of the coast with increasing levels of pollution. A small town on the northwest coast of Puerto Rico is home to one of the healthiest colonies of Elkhorn coral reef left in the Caribbean. 'Salva Tres Palmas' tells the story of a community, local fisherman and activists that got together to preserve and protect their most valuable natural resource: the reef and the species that inhabit it.
1445 ::: Coronación (1976) ::: drama ::: The traumatic story of an old bourgueoise in Mexico City, his relationship with his crazy grandmother, his sexually troubled past and his sick crush on the young and beautiful maid of the house.
1446 ::: Rasa'el ela Falasteen (2010) ::: short ::: Letters to Palestine is a documentary project that gathers the voices of Arab people to read their letters-never-sent to the Palestinian people living under occupation. Young and old, these correspondents are given a unique chance to send Palestinians their love and their stories. In October of 2010, the first cut of the film was screened in Lyd, El Khalil (Hebron) and Naasrah (Nazareth) to the members of the community, and copies were given to the attendees to screen in their own communities.
1447 ::: Sinterklaas en de verdwenen pakjesboot (2009) ::: family ::: An exciting family film that starts at Saint Nicolas' castle in Spain. When he and Diego arrive at the harbor the boat with all the children's presents has disappeared. A race against time ensues to get the boat with its cargo of goodies back. An exhilarating adventure which starts in Spain, takes us across Belgium and the Netherlands, and finally to December 5th.
1448 ::: "Bandbudh Aur Budbak" (2015) ::: comedy ::: Two ten-year-old boys, Budhdeb and Badrinath are a bit dim witted. They are not good in academics but excel in playing tricks, fooling teachers, creating trouble but most-importantly, they manage to get out of the web of problems themselves through luck or some irrational argument. Bandbudh aur Budbak is a comedy series for young children starring two amusing specimens and featuring the rest of the students and teachers in their school.
1449 ::: Born to Battle (1927) ::: western ::: On Billy's 21st birthday his mother gives him his father's gun and sends him to shoot Luke Barstow whom she thinks killed her husband 20 years ago. But Billy is in love with Luke's daughter and doesn't take the gun. Her brother Hank, the real killer, hoping to get both ranches now shoots Luke and has Billy arrested.
1450 ::: Race to Nowhere (2010) ::: documentary ::: RACE TO NOWHERE is a close-up look at the pressures on today's students, offering an intimate view of lives packed with activities, leaving little room for down-time or family time. Parents today are expected to raise high-achieving children, who are good at everything: academics, sports, the arts, community-service. The film tackles the tragic side of our often achievement-obsessed culture, with interviews that explore the hidden world of over-burdened schedules, student suicide, academic cheating, young people who have checked out. RACE TO NOWHERE asks the question: Are the young people of today prepared to step fully and productively into their future? We hear from students who feel they are being pushed to the brink, educators who worry students aren't learning anything substantive, and college professors and business leaders, concerned their incoming employees lack the skills needed to succeed in the business world: passion, creativity, and internal motivation.
1451 ::: Memory for Max, Claire, Ida and Company (2005) ::: documentary ::: At Baycrest, an old-age home in Toronto, we follow a social worker as she talks to residents, particularly Max, Claire, Ida, and Rachel. The film opens on Claire's birthday, she's 89; Max, a tiny cheerful man, is her close friend. Rachel is lonesome, missing her son, complaining he rarely visits. Ida relies on memory for her solace. Helen has no memory and doesn't recognize her daughter; her moods swing. Murray keeps his cap on and likes women. Staff members bring medication, provide care, and offer small talk. Memory is fleeting: Claire re-experiences the death of a close companion several times, each time without remembering her previous grieving. Lives are circumscribed.
1452 ::: Ye ban yi dian zhong (1995) ::: horror ::: A film that foretells three modern-day ghost stories, set in the City of Hong Kong. The first segment deals with a popular singer that mysteriously falls into a deep coma, and the public is unaware that his spirit is detained by the ghost of an obsessed fan of his. His plea for help is only recognized by his nurse. In the second segment, four college girls are assigned an unusual project, and their selected-topic is to "interview" the ghost of the "Braided Woman." When they encounter the streets where the ghost was claimed to roam, they find themselves in a mist of terror. In the third segment, two night-duty police officers stumble upon a mysterious crisis when their speed-tracking camera detects a image of an old woman. After the woman's first sighting, the officers encounter her in every place they go, and their only solution is to find out what she wants.
1453 ::: Programming the Nation? (2011) ::: documentary ::: According to many authorities, since the late 1950's subliminal content has been tested and delivered through all forms of media, at an increasingly alarming rate. "PROGRAMMING THE NATION?" examines the purported uses, influences and potential subconscious side-effects of what's going on beneath the surface of advertising, film, music and political propaganda. Even the US military has been accused of using this technology in their Psychological Operations Unit, (PSY OPS) campaign. This socially relevant documentary not only traces the history of this phenomenon, but seeks to determine the validity and potential threat that may or may not exist. Do you ever find yourself doing or buying things without any conscious reasoning? Why has consumer debt in America risen over 50% since 1990? How is it possible that the United States consumes about 25% of the world's resources while only making up 4.5% of the world's population? Are we all part of an elaborate scheme which has been programming the nation? Decide for yourself...
1454 ::: Vermont Street (2020) ::: drama ::: The story of the trials and tribulations of two loving and devoted grandparents while raising their five grandchildren. Harold and Virginia decide it's in the best interest to raise their daughter and son in law's children after they are killed during a vacation in Hawaii.
1455 ::: "A Loja do Camilo" (1999) ::: comedy ::: When a crime wave hits the area Camilo decides to scare off any potential burglars by putting up a notice that says Beware of the Dog but, since everybody knows that he has no dog, he goes out to borrow one for the weekend. Sadly it is better at scaring off customers than burglars.
1456 ::: Atom Man vs. Superman (1950) ::: sci-fi ::: Columbia's 43rd serial finds Lex Luthor, secretly the Atom Man, blackmailing the city of Metropolis by threatening to destroy the entire community. Perry White, editor of "The Daily Planet", assigns Lois Lane, Jimmy Olson and Clark Kent/Superman to cover the story. Luthor invents a number of deadly devices to plague the city, including a disintegrating machine which can reduce people to their basic atoms and reassemble them in another place. But Superman manages to thwart each scheme. Since Kryptonite can rob Superman of his powers, Luthor decides to create a synthetic Kryptonite and putters about obtaining the necessary ingredients: plutonium, radium and the undefined 'etc.'(in order to keep viewers from trying this at home). Luthor places the Kryptonite at the launching of a ship, with Superman in attendance. He is exposed to the Kryptonite and passes out. Superman is taken off in an ambulance driven by Luthor's henchmen, and he is now under the control of Luthor. Superman is placed in a device, a lever is pulled, and the Man of Steel vanishes into "The Empty Doom." With eight chapters remaining, the odds are high he will return. Most of chapter 7 is a repeat of the origin story from chapter 1 of Columbia's first "Superman" serial, and this serial also finds a way to work in stock footage from Ken Maynard's 1936 "Avenging Waters," minus ol' Ken and his hoss Tarzan.
1457 ::: No Place Like Home (2006/I) ::: drama ::: When Susan, a film producer from NYC, goes to Jamaica to shoot a shampoo commercial, she finds herself, through a series of unforeseen circumstances, drifting further and further away from the world she knows and into the life of the island, a strange alternative reality that turns many of her previously held assumptions upside down.
1458 ::: "Las Vegas Law" (2006) ::: reality-tv ::: James "Bucky" Buchanan is a well-known defense attorney in Las Vegas, Nevada. He defends all types with the help of his assistant Debbie. Las Vegas Law is a reality show with real criminals and real cases.
1459 ::: Terminator: SkyNET (1996) ::: sci-fi ::: Set in the doomed future of the original movie. Following a report about suspicious Skynet (the bots) activity John Connor orders you to go to an old missile base. Inside you learn of an old nuclear missile known as "Hades" essentially the most powerful nuclear weapon ever made. Skynet plans to launch the missile against the surviving resistance. You have to run/drive/fly/battle your way through Skynets defenses to the missile launch platform and destroy it before it launches and the resistance is destroyed.
1460 ::: Diamonds to Nowhere (????) ::: thriller ::: Set in the late 1990's, a young Wall Street investment banker is transferred to London with a huge promotion to head up a leading international bank's mining finance division. With London's traditional proximity to the vast natural resources of Africa and the financial center's centuries old history of financing hugely profitable mining operations, the protagonist sets out to satisfy his firm's senior directors' expectations of him by bringing in a highly lucrative major finance transaction in West Africa. Despite a strong record of originating and closing several transactions during his nascent fast-track career with an impeccable due diligence history, he is unwittingly drawn into a world of seemingly blue-chip financiers, senior politicians and decorated former military geopolitical consultants, and suddenly finds himself in the midst of the horrors and atrocities of blood diamond conflicts in Sierra Leone and Liberia, fighting first for his conscience and, finally, his life.
1461 ::: "Neeli" (2006) ::: drama ::: The say a newborn always resemble the one who is missed the most by baby's mother. What if the babies start to resemble the ones missed the most by their father. The birth of a blue eyed blonde child in an Asian family raises many questions.
1462 ::: Surviving Sextuplets and Twins: One Year Later (2007) ::: reality-tv ::: A year after introducing their family of 10 on TLC, Jon and Kate Gosselin return to tell viewers more about their extraordinary family. After revealing her post-delivery belly on T.V, Kate received an offer from a plastic surgeon to have work done on her abdomen. Then the next stage of their life begins when the twins, Mady and Cara, enter kindergarten.
1463 ::: "The Real Gilligan's Island" (2004) ::: reality-tv ::: Reality show that is based on the classic 1960's TV show, Gilligan's Island. Seven people are dressed and play the parts of the cast of Gilligan's Island, namely Gilligan, the skipper, the movie star, the millionaire, etc. But wait, there are actually two groups of them and they must eliminate each other via a series of competitions. The winner gets off the island along with earned prizes.
1464 ::: Protéger & servir (2010) ::: comedy ::: Kim Houang and Michel Boudriau are two cops "to life to death" since they met at the orphanage. They are not the best cops in France, nor the Parisian region, nor their police station - and yet they are the ones who are responsible for thwarting a wave of attacks.
1465 ::: Deddon (2009) ::: short ::: Deddon, a young contract killer determined to be the best, learns the tricks of the trade from his mentor and boss, Feral. The rookie hit man finds a flaw in his teacher's ways which makes him challenge the master and discover if he is indeed the best.
1466 ::: Shaadi Ke Baad (1972) ::: family ::: Widower Bhagat Ram lives a wealthy lifestyle in a small village in India, along with his son, Shyam, who is an Advocate in Bombay, and makes a living as a Hindu Priest. He receives a marriage proposal from Choudhury Bishan Swaroop Singh for Shyam, the girl in question is Bishan's son-in-law, Raju's sister, Shobha. Hoping to get a dowry of Fifty thousand Rupees, he agrees and the marriage takes place. After the ceremony he is handed a Promissory Note, and angered he and Shyam return home, leaving a devastated Shobha and the Singh family to deal with this crisis. Raju takes some cash and jewelry, hoping to placate Bhagat, but this only angers him all the more. Shyam decides to leave for Bombay. Shortly thereafter Bhagat is informed by Advocate Govind that Shobha has eloped with an unknown lover, and her mom, Parvati, has initiated legal proceedings against him. A panic-stricken Bhagat rushes to Bombay, and is shocked to find that Shyam has lost his mental balance and is in the care of a doctor and a nurse. The question that comes to mind is why did Shyam lose his mental balance? And what actually became of Shobha and who did she actually elope with?
1467 ::: VREME (2016) ::: documentary ::: A daily routine of 87-year old Vida changes when a neighbor foretells her future, announcing the upcoming arrival of an extraordinary guest. In the same scattered mountain village in the Balkans, young Slavoljub is experiencing an overwhelmingly strong attraction to his peer Vladana.
1468 ::: The Fruit Hunters (2012) ::: documentary ::: Adventurers, exotic fruits fanatics and even movie star 'Bill Pullman (I)' (qv), are the subjects of The Fruit Hunters, the new film from acclaimed director Yung Chang. A thrilling journey through nature, commerce and adventure, The Fruit Hunters is a cinematic odyssey that takes viewers from the dawn of humanity to the cutting of edge of modern agriculture - a film that will change not just the way we look at what we eat, but what it means to be human.
1469 ::: The Tribal Scoop (2017) ::: documentary ::: A small town of Sundergarh lying in the interiors of the state of Odisha has never been touched by modern civilization, but is paying for it with the blood of the tribal people living there. A people so backward that they still depend on forests for survival. And even those forests are fast being uprooted to make way for urban life. In the midst of this cockpit of destruction there's one hope that they are desperately clinging on to- Hockey. The game that was once the only form of entertainment for a people cut off from the rest of the world has now become a weapon with which Sundergarh is trying to claim it's place in a world that never recognized it.
1470 ::: "Sister Blvd." (2002) ::: talk-show ::: Detroit's hottest new talk show entitled "Sister Blvd!" The show premiered on PAX31 Network, Sunday, November 2, 2002 in the time slot of 1:30 to 2:30 pm. From left to right on the photo: LaTanya Hall, Brook Malone, Trish Beyries, and executive producer Yvette Araujo. "Sister Blvd" is a television talk format staged before a live studio audience of approximately 115 attendees. We appeal to all contemporary women from the college freshman to those in their sensational sixties!! The show is a fast-paced, interactive hour between it's female co-hosts, guests, and the audience with round-table discussions on contemporary issues such as: Health: Your Life and Well-Being; Sisters on the Go: Travel Excursions; Real-Estate: Hot Properties....Find the Right Home to Suit Your Lifestyle; Entertainment: The Who's Who of Hollywood; Styleworks: Staying Up to Date on the Latest Trends and Fashions; and Finance: How to Make Your Money Work for You! "Sister Blvd's" co-hosts represent a thirty year age range as well as diverse cultures and occupations. The common denominator is intelligent, provocative women who are grounded in all phases of life's time line - past, present, and future. The journey of the show mimics that of the city of Detroit by exploring the rich, unique history of the region, celebrating this moment in time while progressing to a new exciting future. "Sister Blvd" boasts local flavor with national appeal!
1471 ::: Haunted Road (????) ::: horror ::: A rebellious Daughter and a her protective father's journey through hell begins here. A father, leading his daughter to a better life, is in reality trying to protect her. However, the girl starts to rebel because of a sequence of bad events; her rebellion turns to fear because she believes her father is a killer, stalking her. This causes her to make many attempts to escape, which is complicated by a sequence of horrific events that unfold when her father is absent. She fights her Father's perceived aggression throughout this thriller until she learns that her father is not the real threat.
1472 ::: Murder at High Tea (2014) ::: mystery ::: After a string of bizarre mishaps at the 'La Lady Lemon Zinger Tea Room', tea room owner, Hayley Westchester-Michelson hires two private investigators (who just happen to be dining in her tea room) to investigate her quirky employees. The investigation reveals embezzlement, poisoned tea and murder. Mystery/Comedy.
1473 ::: The Fear of God: 25 Years of 'The Exorcist' (1998) ::: documentary ::: A behind-the-scenes retrospective made for the twenty-fifth anniversary of the classic horror film, The Exorcist. Includes interviews with Linda Blair and the other stars of the film, along with commentary from the director and writer on some of the deeper meanings behind the elements they used to terrify their audiences. _The Exorcist (1973)_ (qv) became a cultural phenomenon from the first day it hit theater screens. Twenty-five years later, the cast and crew discuss the making of the film and its initial impact on audiences. William Peter Blatty discusses the inspiration for the novel, a real-life 1949 incident of a 14-year-old boy who allegedly became possessed by a demon. He discusses his choice of William Friedkin to direct his screenplay and what Friedkin thought of his first draft. Friedkin explains how key cast members won their parts. The two priests who played small parts describe their experiences. The special effects man shows his device that allowed the movie's demon to spit pea soup. Other crew members describe the disastrous recording session with Lola Schifrin, who composed a score Friedkin hated and despised. Cast and crew describe strange incidents during the shoot, including a number of deaths among those involved in the production. Finally, the interviewees discuss the film's reception, including a sneak preview that seemed to forecast failure.
1474 ::: Wolflady (2014) ::: documentary ::: Producer Oscar Holleman (Within Temptation an Krezip) instantly recognizes 21 year old Sharon Kovacs as a talented singer. Even comparing her voice to Amy Winehouse. The movie is a documentation of them recording her first record: Shades of Black.
1475 ::: Storm Soldiers II (2016) ::: documentary ::: Storm Soldiers II is the second installment of the Tytan Pictures project examining the lives and careers of the brave men and women who work in America's electrical utility industry. Partnered with Hubbell Power Systems and Chance Lineman Grade Tools, Tytan Pictures showcases the hardworking Americans who work in the industry. Generous sponsorship by Altec and Kermel, and support from Burndy, BEUCI, Northwestern Energy, NECA, IBEW, and IFD also contributed to the film. The first Storm Soldiers film was a story about the electrical utility industry itself documenting its history, its homeland, and its heroes. Through the first film, America was introduced to the men and women who literally put their lives on the line every day to keep electricity flowing. Storm Soldiers provided a comprehensive look into what linemen do, why they do it, and how truly dangerous their work is. In addition to raising significant funds for charity, Storm Soldiers introduced America to an almost invisible hero: The Lineman. Storm Soldiers II is a deeper, more personal story. This story is about the linemen and the industry's impact on their lives and families. Juxtaposing the linemen at home against their work and how their families see their jobs, Storm Soldiers II also documents what it's like for linemen to work in dangerous and extreme conditions. Linemen often arrive to disaster scenes before first responders in order to ensure safety for rescue crews and help restore infrastructure. With a dynamic look at the struggles and triumphs of bringing electricity to communities, the film follows the linemen home to see their families' reactions to their work and the impact the chaos has on both environments. These men and women represent the over 100,000 linemen in America who work without complaints or excuses.
1476 ::: Tabgol assi (1970) ::: drama ::: Chang-myeong is nearly executed because of a relative's treason against the king. He is helped by Jeong and eventually marries Jeong's daughter Cheon-sa. However their peace is soon shattered when the ambitious and dangerous Hie-ok decides that she wants Chang-myeong for herself.
1477 ::: Tus padres volverán (2015) ::: documentary ::: In 1983 a group of 154 children aged 3 and 17 years old traveled alone to Montevideo in a flight coming from Europe. They were children of political exiles from Uruguay, who were unable to come back to their own country; they sent their kids to know their relatives and home country. This well intentioned act with a political message involved, will be helpful not only with human rights' fight and freedom, but also it will affect children's life, in relation to their identity development, when a crowd received them singing together "your parents will come back". This movie is about six kids who have been trying to establish their identity until today, already grown up; because they hadn't got a common childhood like any other kid; growing up in one place with their relatives and neighbors, exile's children lived a life in retirement, leaving behind everything they loved.
1478 ::: Red (????/I) ::: thriller ::: Based on the timeless Grimm's short story Little Red Riding Hood, comes our story about Paulette; a 20 year old psychiatric hospital fugitive who has long craved to experience the outdoors. The world, offers her nothing but dark encounters as she goes astray in the woodlands. Undernourished, she finds a warm but eerie isolated cabin that seems to house all of her needs. Inside, she finds Harry, an accepting mysterious man who offers her refuge. This haunting romantic thriller revolves on them being determined to destroy their dark past, no matter the cost.
1479 ::: The U Reloaded: The Rise for 5 (2014) ::: documentary ::: The U Reloaded: The Rise for 5 is a documentary on the 2001 University of Miami football team. The documentary retells the team's journey on winning the national football title through the personal accounts of Ken Dorsey, Santana Moss, Joaquin Gonzalez, Reggie Wayne, Bryant McKinnie and many others.
1480 ::: "Significant Others" (2004) ::: comedy ::: "Significant Others" is an improvised comedy about couples in and out of marriage counseling, taking a hysterically honest look at marriage and the rewards - and costs - that come with being in a committed relationship. More real than traditional comedies and more imaginative than reality shows, this six-episode series features a talented ensemble of actors and comedians who, quite literally, script themselves.
1481 ::: Down with the Kings (2008) ::: short ::: Bobby invites his closest friends over one pleasant afternoon. His "partner in crime," Tanvir, arrives on the scene, and the crew spends a day hanging out playing basketball. Suddenly trouble starts off court, as Tanvir turns the game into a money-making venture. His best friends get dragged into an uncomfortable situation, and an unknowingly dangerous scenario arises. Will Bobby give up on his struggling friend? Will Tanvir make changes to his risky lifestyle?
1482 ::: Voyance et manigance (2001) ::: comedy ::: Chantel is happy: her son's away at school playing soccer, she and her husband get along, her neighbor Agnčs is her best friend, and her job at a government office is easy. When her husband is laid off and she wonders for how long, her office pal Jackie recommends Alban, a psychic (and compulsive gambler), who promptly tells Chantel of a curse on her that will take three sessions (and 10,000 FF) to dispel. Through happenstance, she meets Alban's half-brother; thinking she is following the psychic predictions, she tries to start an affair with him. She also undergoes Alban's exorcism, and soon, terrible things indeed start to happen. Is there any way out of her misery?
1483 ::: Open All Night (1924) ::: comedy ::: A couple's marriage is going stale. She wants a take-charge kind of guy, someone who'll show her who the boss is. He's not that type, and in fact believes that women don't really respect men who are. When they meet a macho professional bicyclist and his girlfriend, the wife becomes attracted to the muscular, if not particularly bright, athlete and the husband finds himself drawn to his girlfriend.
1484 ::: Una pistola per cento bare (1968) ::: western ::: Returning from the civil war Jim Slade discovers his parents dead at their farm. It is said that the gang under the lead of Corbett has committed the crime. Jim now goes for revenge but things turn out to be more complicated than he originally thought. To get some money he accepts the job as a sheriff.
1485 ::: The Joy Luck Club (1993) ::: drama ::: Through a series of flashbacks, four young chinese women born in America and their respective mothers born in feudal China, explore their past. This search will help them understand their difficult mother/daughter relationship.
1486 ::: "Madigan Men" (2000) ::: comedy ::: Irishman Benjamin Madigan is a successful New York architect, recently divorced, who tries to get back into the dating scene with help from teenage son Luke. Seamus, Ben's widower father, also moves in with the Madigan men, and much hilarity ensues.
1487 ::: "Deadline" (2014) ::: drama ::: Isabel Boswan returns to Nigeria after the death of her father to head his failing newspaper outs, The Echo. She is faced with different reactions from the existing members of the staff and has to work with them in order to get their business up and running. This challenges Isabel but eventually she is able to reach a common ground with them. They are faced with daunting tasks of breaking the news and are up against major rival companies and the ever budding rise of the Internet. Isabel meets governorship aspirant, Craig Ajose,, and forms a love interest. However, after affects the integrity of her work in line with Craig's murky past which would eventually shake up The Echo.
1488 ::: Samorastniki (1963) ::: drama ::: Carinthia, Slovenia, in the 18th century. Ozbej, having finished school, returns to Krnice Manor, where Father tells him that now he is to stay at home because he has decided to make him the future master of the whole estate. Meta, a new maid, an attractive girl, comes to Krnice and Ozbej falls in love with her. Meta becomes pregnant but Ozbej's mother curses her and his father has her tortured and chases her away from the manor. Ozbej cannot forget Meta; he meets her in the forest and tells her that, just because of her, he is willing to give up the Krnice estate. Soon Meta becomes pregnant again. In the meantime, Father finds a bride for his son, who, on the wedding day, runs away. Ozbej goes to see his children in Meta's cottage. Soon afterwards he visits his father and tells him that he has given up Krnice. Still, Father would not allow him to get married to Meta. Then the court orders Meta to be whipped again but she would still not give up Ozbej and Krnice. Meta and Ozbej go on to have four children, so now the priest himself asks the old lord of the manor Krnicnik to allow the couple to be married. Instead, Krnicnik has his son join up. When a group of soldiers come to take him away, Meta and her children also being present then, Father suffers a stroke. He sits in silence by the window, waiting for his son to come back from the army. In the meantime, Ozbej's brother has Meta evicted from the cottage after her mother's death...
1489 ::: The Communists (????) ::: comedy ::: Manfield, South Yorkshire, 1984. Out-of-work steelworker-turned- radical revolutionary Joe Starkhill and his band of comrades seize the Town Hall and take the Mayor, her driver, a security guard and a civil servant hostage - declaring the start of a socialist revolution in Britain. But when a faulty phone line prevents them from alerting the local newspaper and TV station, and the police write them off as a hoax, Starkhill and his revolutionaries find themselves trapped inside the Town Hall unable to broadcast their revolutionary manifesto and mobilise the masses. It is only when one of the hostages fails to return home for dinner, that the alarm is raised and Inspector John Machin [Paul Fox, THE SELFISH GIANT] is dispatched to the Town Hall to investigate. A modest cop with an untold past, Machin wants to keep the siege a private matter - but it's not long before the building is surrounded by the press, police and public, turning Starkhill and the Revolutionaries into a media sensation. With no Mayor, no supporting media and no direct phone line to the Revolutionaries, Inspector Machin must infiltrate the Town Hall and negotiate the hostages' release - only to find the hostages have already taken up Starkhill's revolution...
1490 ::: Phantom Gold (1938) ::: western ::: Rattler salts an old gold mine hoping to revive a ghost town so he and his gang can rob the new arrivals. But Breezy is already there and accidentally finds the old vein. When he files first Rattler takes over posession and by holding Breezy'a partner and girlfriend hostage, plans to force him to reliquish the claim.
1491 ::: Spider-Man 2: Webisodes (2004) ::: short ::: This program splits into four segments: "Costume Design" (83 seconds), "Comic-Con Q&A" (two minutes, 26 seconds), "J. Jonah Jameson" (108 seconds), and "Peter Parker and Mary Jane Watson" (two minutes, 36 seconds). The clips include comments from Raimi, Arad, Maguire, costume designer James Acheson, assistant costume designer Paul Spadone, actors JK Simmons, Kirsten Dunst and Alfred Molina, visual effects designer John Dykstra, executive producer Stan Lee, producer Laura Ziskin. We learn about costume changes between the two flicks, the use of Doc Ock in this movie, Simmons' approach to the role, and the relationship between Pete and M.J.
1492 ::: 5 donne per l'assassino (1974) ::: thriller ::: Thriller about a reporter who comes home from an overseas assignment to find his baby in the hospital and his wife dead. The baby isn't his, the reporter learns from his doctor friend Lydia Franzi, as he is quite sterile. Reporter Giorgio and Lydia soon become lovers, and she narrowly escapes the brutal hands of the murderer (or murderers) who claims several other victims in shockingly violent fashion.
1493 ::: Chateaubriand (2008) ::: documentary ::: Nine people, among them the nurse who took care of Assis Chateaubriand, the man who brought television to Brazil in 1950, and his accountant, talk - with exclusivity - about the media mogul, his adventures to buy newspapers, radio stations, and the first TV station, his adventures with women, his struggle against the thrombosis he suffered in 1960, and how he kept governing his news empire, during the last eight years of his life.
1494 ::: Royal Rumble (2004) ::: action ::: The 17th annual Royal Rumble match, with the winner receiving a shot at the WWE Title or the World Heavyweight Title at WrestleMania XX. Also, WWE Title: Brock Lesnar vs. Hardcore Holly, World Heavyweight Title (Last Man Standing Match): Triple H vs. Shawn Michaels, WWE Cruiserweight Title: Rey Mysterio vs. Jamie Noble, World Tag Team Titles (Table Match): Evolution vs. The Dudley Boyz, and Eddie Guerrero vs. Chavo Guerrero
1495 ::: Ammawarune (2006) ::: drama ::: Ammawarunay" ("Elegy for a Mother") is a poignant study of a widowed mother Sumanawathi and her relationship with her three grown-up children. Her elder son Kassapa is a young monk leading almost a cloistered, monastic life in an isolated temple. Though his relationship to his mother appears cold and formal, it masks a filial affection which is unrivaled by any. Daughter Premalatha has alienated herself by marrying a man of her choice, a man who practices the occult much to the discomfort of the family. Saliya, the youngest son, an unemployed youth joins the Army due to circumstances beyond his control. Bewildered by the tragic events that follow, Sumanawathi's world begins to collapse Gradually and inevitably she retreats into a world of solitude and silence.
1496 ::: The Great McGinty (1940) ::: comedy ::: Told in flashback, Depression-era bum Dan McGinty is recruited by the city's political machine to help with vote fraud. His great aptitude for this brings rapid promotion from "the boss," who finally decides he'd be ideal as a new, nominally "reform" mayor; but this candidacy requires marriage. His in-name-only marriage to honest Catherine proves the beginning of the end for dishonest Dan... Tending bar in a seedy club in an out of the way banana republic, Daniel McGinty recounts his recent rise and fall to one of the club's chorus girls and a down on his luck American with suicidal thoughts. The rise began back in the United States where, as a tough guy hobo, he caught the attention of a man simply known as "the Boss" for his ingenuity and chutzpah. The Boss rigged elections for the sole purpose of political grafting, this election for mayor. The Boss hired McGinty to be his muscle, then moved him directly into the political realm when he needed a candidate with no name and thus no background to question. That political realm started as alderman then mayor the state governor. As part of his outward show of respectability, McGinty entered into a marriage of convenience with his secretary, Catherine, which included a built in family. McGinty's life with Catherine and his work for The Boss ended up being incompatible as McGinty, on Catherine's urging, wanted to go straight, while the law began to catch up with The Boss and anyone associated with him. In a dive south of the border, bartender Dan McGinty stops a young man from committing suicide after a moment of dishonesty, and relates how a moment of honesty brought him down in a flashback. As a young man, McGinty joins a crooked political boss and rises from extortionist to alderman. Urged by the boss to marry his secretary to give respectability to his run for mayor, McGinty agrees -- only to fall in love with his wife and decide to do an honest thing for once in his life. Dan McGinty, originally just a hobo, proves his toughness to a mob boss who takes him in. He earns the position of alderman, and then mayor, in a corrupt city administration. Along the way he enters a marriage of convenience with Catherine. Good natured Catherine gives him the appearance of a family man which Dan rides to the Governorship. When Catherine convinces him to do some real good with his authority, the mob boss is not so agreeable...
1497 ::: As You Were (2014) ::: romance ::: Guohui and Peiling were childhood sweethearts who met again after years of being apart and became a couple. On an idyllic island south of Singapore, they spend their last moments together as their relationship falls apart. The film is about the impossibility to know what has made people change. Through the ever-changing landscape, Guohui and Peiling realise that what is transitory is also eternal.
1498 ::: MemorieZ (????) ::: horror ::: Samantha, a former martial arts champion, is one of the last survivors of a global epidemic that has transformed mankind into living zombies...Eaters. Food is scarce, Water in high demand, and Guns, a must. Following the deaths of her lover, Alex, and her friend, Laura, Sam ventures forth on her own, no one to watch her back. She encounters the wandering loner, Jack, and they join forces. Time and again, Sam and Jack battle Eaters, each day a new struggle for survival. Exhausted, and supplies dwindling, Sam and Jack run into a group of survivors led by the mercenary-like Murtow and his unhinged sister, Jane. Murtow takes them in, concealing his hideous agenda. Sam and Jack unveil the truth and take flight. A relentless chase ensues, but caught between Eaters and Murtow's group, there may be no escape...and all is not as it seems.
1499 ::: Karuzela (2014) ::: drama ::: Karuzela is a four person drama. It is a journey inside the souls of the main characters across the reefs of everyday dilemmas - the merry-go-round of life. An individual approach to the subject, obscure narration and absence of easy answers is what allows every viewer to embark on their own journey around the universal story told in the film. They are not even 30 years old and they have problems with finding work. When something comes their way, it is only a temporary 'junk contract'.The characters have to overcome their weaknesses and face the harsh reality.They are taking their life exams and do not want to make wrong choices again.This is a game witch will evoke emotions, allow to identify with the main characters and their complex world.
1500 ::: First Contact (2014) ::: documentary ::: The Nahua Tribe in Peru lived completely isolated from the outside world in the shelter of rainforest. In 1984 they were forced into contact with loggers, which caused half of the tribe to die due to diseases the invaders brought with them.
1501 ::: Singapore GaGa (2005) ::: documentary ::: Singapore GaGa is a 55-minute paean to the quirkiness of the Singaporean aural landscape. It reveals Singapore's past and present with a delight and humour that makes it a necessary film for all Singaporeans. We hear buskers, street vendors, school cheerleaders sing hymns to themselves and to their communities. From these vocabularies (including Arabic, Latin, Hainanese), a sense of what it might mean to be a modern Singaporean emerges. This is Singapore's first documentary to have a cinema release. With English and Chinese subtitles.
1502 ::: "The Tube's Hautest" (2014) ::: comedy ::: Three of YouTube's most famous beauty vloggers (the ones we've never heard of) compete in this mock reality competition for a chance to star in their own Reality TV Show. Who will be... the Tube's Hautest?
1503 ::: Moths (2016) ::: thriller ::: Humans by day, refugees by night, finding any hole into which to crawl as the natural light diminishes, holing up wherever they can to keep them from the outside. As the sun sets, every window, door and crack is sealed and any form of entertainment is utilized to keep the survivors' thoughts from what lies in the dark. An old shell of a pub is transformed into a refuge, with people flocking from every corner of the ruined country. However... the survivors stop coming. For weeks the pub lies quiet until one day, in the dead of night, a sudden new arrival destroys the peaceful harmony and, soon, whatever danger lurks on the outside is as nothing compared to the creatures that lie within.
1504 ::: Missing, Believed Married (1937) ::: comedy ::: A heiress discovers during her engagement that the man she is about to marry is a fortune-hunting fraud. She runs off and during street scuffle she gets a blow to her head which leaves her with amnesia. She is taken in by Patch and Vedey, a pair of street vendors. The fraudulent count turns up while searching for her and convinces her to go to Paris with him. However, Patch and Vedey follow and rescue her from the count.
1505 ::: Bookie (2017) ::: comedy ::: Michael Yusko, a gambling addict with a drinking problem, crowdsources funds to make a movie about a gambling addict with a drinking problem, only to lose the money gambling. After a death threat from an ornery investor, he is forced to make something with the miniscule funds he has left. It's difficult to say what comes next. We follow Michael everywhere, changing modes from video-diarist to director to actor to something like a regular person. Are we watching a documentary about the making of the rump of his would-be film? Or is this that film? Is it both? Not even the characters (actors? subjects?) are sure. Frenetically edited and paced to the vicissitudes of Michael's temperamental and downright bizarre desires, we are pulled deeper and deeper into a meta (non)narrative best described as a delightfully brutal portrait of artistic frustration.
1506 ::: "Scrapheap" (1998) ::: game-show ::: A show in which, each week, two rival teams are given the task of building some kind of machine, in one day, using only the items found in an unusually well-stocked scrapyard. Machines constructed to date have included trebuchets, hovercraft, rockets, gliders, cannons and diving suits.
1507 ::: Everyday Life's Changing Moods (2008) ::: short ::: The film Everyday life's changing moods is a kind of search for personal maps of our hidden thoughts during the process of creation. Just like in a diary moments in everyday life are revealed in this film as a site of desires and fears, but in its essence it explores ideas which are constructing (or deconstructing) any work of art. Everyday life's changing moods is made out of intertwined visual and textual elements. However, the subconscious treatment of text in contrast to the conscious use of visual narrative forces the elements to oppose each other. The text becomes a gesture and visual images turn to contents. Both words and pictures are leading to disruption of a fine line between public and private making the clear reading of present reality unable. The film examines the interconnections between me and others; gender and identity illustrated as our connection to the external world as we search for the internal. Through simulated reality, simulated personal point of view, false surrealism, through words and sentences which strive to reconstruct tacitly the visual, the main issues of this film are: simulations of ability to be aware of feelings and imaginations through processes of creation. The intimacy of the artist is brought to be public - this procedure reveals itself as primarily artistic method in producing any work of art.
1508 ::: Lakeer Ka Fakeer (2013) ::: crime ::: Fakeer (Ajaz Khan) dreams of becoming a taxi driver in Dubai. Chotu Mobile (Javed Hyder) wants to set up his own mobile shop and Sulaiman (Vicky Ahuja) aspires to become a politician. However, their destiny is determined by their controversial residential address instead of their desires. It is said that sometimes your 'Address' speaks louder than you.
1509 ::: Temps (1999) ::: comedy ::: Slice-of-life comedic film about the "other side of Generations X & Y" - the non-Slackers (or people who work) - five friends from college, now in their late 20s, and their different attitudes towards their work and their personal lives at points of transition in their lives, both personally and professionally. Some are temps, some aren't, but they're all dealing with a workplace impelled by turnover and increasing corporate hegemony. Raised in a basically privileged world of middle-class America - and always told they could do and be anything - these characters are challenged both by having so many options, and by their quests for perfection. This generation is the first one that cannot live better than its parents: a job is no longer a life-long career choice. In today's world that pressures workers to sacrifice their personal lives for "success," the five learn that, although life is full of compromises, they can find fulfillment. ALLY works as a "long-term temp" to insure time for making her film. As film is the modern medium for an artist's coming-of-age story, Ally represents the post-baby-boom generation's Everywoman - someone struggling to express herself creatively through work she loves. Ally's boyfriend, BEN, is a consultant who loves his job. He wants to settle down; but Ally doesn't, as she resists his pressure on her to "get a real job." While he loves her freewheeling creativity, Ben worries he will never achieve a life of stability with her, and so he sets an ultimatum: three months for Ally to decide what matters most to her - settling down with him or continuing her life of working temp jobs to pay the bills. High-spirited and unconventional, JANE wants a job free from "hypocrisy." She finds progressively wacky employment - gynecological model, stripper, etc. - in her search for "the Right Job." GEORGIA is a computer software designer who dreams of creating an interactive encyclopedia. When her boss has other ideas for her product, she must face the choice between professional advancement and personal ideals. JONAH has come out to his friends and family, but has not yet become comfortable with the idea of having a steady boyfriend. He has recently quit his job as a lawyer to write the great American Novel. Not meant to be an artist, however, and continually fired from temp jobs, he sinks into lethargy and aimlessness until he can no longer afford his apartment and must return home to live with his parents. Explors the conflicting pressures of professional and personal choices that are a part of the new American workplace.
1510 ::: Making-of Film Spring Open-Air 2013 (2013) ::: short ::: Held since 2005, Film Spring Open-Air has been an interdisciplinary training program for young emerging artists, which aim is to provide continuous training through making audiovisual projects, working on the set, professional lectures of award-winning, top professionals and hands-on tests of newest equipment to follow the technological advancement and the future of audiovisual industry.
1511 ::: Final Curtain: Part 3 - Intermission (2004) ::: horror ::: Twice before, actors were killed while rehearsing the doomed play, "The Battle of Taft." The actors at the Cobbleville Playhouse in New York figure this show would give them tremendous publicity. What they don't realize is that the main character, British spy Ethan Carver wants to tell his own story. One by one, the actors fall prey to the vicious Ethan's deadly wrath until the last survivors are forced to face him. Can anyone stop this maniac before it's too late?
1512 ::: Saturn Returns (2009) ::: drama ::: Lucy, a privileged North American in contemporary Berlin, living a life of post Punk hedonism, roams the streets with her best friend, Derek. Together they use the city like a playground, a stage, and a never ending party. Into their lives enters Galia, a young Israeli woman carrying the promise of a better, cleaner way of living. A tribute to Punk underground films turns into a melodrama in "Saturn Returns", mirroring Lucy and Galia's modulating states of mind. Our and their look into each other's life and culture, becomes an investigation of empty facades. The film was constructed by both improvised and pre-scripted scenes, as required by the nature of each scene.
1513 ::: "Fatherhood USA" (1998) ::: documentary ::: A mini-series that created portraits of fathers from very different walks of life: a teen dad struggling to break a cycle of fatherlessness; a factory worker discovering that he, too, can be involved with raising his daughters; and a CFO juggling the demands of a high powered executive wife and two small children. Hosted by former Senator Bill Bradley, the program aired nationally in 1998.
1514 ::: "Delusions of Grandeur" (2012) ::: comedy ::: Jake kicks off the episode with an homage to the It's Garry Shandling show, and we see how Jake interacts with his writing and producing staff of the show that he incidentally created (if the show isn't real, are the people?). Meanwhile feeling healthy from his current juice cleanse, Jake accompanies Caitlin to the gym.
1515 ::: Pieces of the Moon (1996) ::: short ::: Being on holiday with Daddy and Mummy in a caravan at the seaside could be fun. But not for the young boy. He would even find the experience outright boring had n't he developed a special relationship with the Moon..., on which the first men have just landed.
1516 ::: Litorra (2006) ::: sci-fi ::: Sometimes in the future, in order to "survive through Death", a hyper-fascistic entity decides to exterminate and inflict trauma on an unimaginable scale while it looses a global conflict. It bets on the winners to resurrect their ideology as the only viable alternative to the chaos and aftershocks that soon follow in a world gone desperate and mad. A young woman, taken from a psychiatric hospital during the war, becomes the catalyst for all the symbolism and inner struggles of that period. Her psychological madness is paralleled by that of a pilot who feels a strange resemblance between his and her way of killing, so abstract and brutal in this post industrial conflict.
1517 ::: Zanan dar kafan (2009) ::: documentary ::: A dedicated group of Iranian lawyers and activists work together to counter the injustice of the death penalty. In Iran, this means risking everything to mount 'Stop Stoning Forever', a campaign to end the practice of execution by stoning, and to lessen this practice's impact on women in Iran. Women in Shroud, is an in-depth look into the stoning of women who are found guilty of adultery in Iran. The film demonstrates the efforts of women's rights groups and campaigners who work day and night to put an end to these executions by demanding the abolishment of the associated laws in the Iranian Islamic Penal Code. Women in Shroud was the recipient of the prestigious Sundance Institute Documentary Grant and Jan Vrijman Fund. Cinema for Peace presented Farid Haerinejad with their Justice Award along with Mohammad Reza Kazemi for co-directing this film (Berlin, 2010). It also has received "Special Mention" from One World FF, Brussels 2010. On occasion of Human Rights Day in 2009, Women in Shroud was screened at the Senate of Canada for an audience of ambassadors, honourable justices, senators and members of the Parliament. Women in Shroud has since been screened in various foreign-office venues and embassies around the world helping raise much needed international awareness about the issue of stoning in Iran.
1518 ::: "Healthy Gourmet" (2009) ::: reality-tv ::: Healthy Gourmet is a half-hour series that follows Nutritionist Julie Daniluk and Chef Ezra Title as they tackle the ever present battle between taste and nutrition, helping home cooks create nutritious and tasty meals that can feed a crowd. In each episode, Julie and Ezra try to help a group of people find the right balance between food that's healthy for the heart and tasty for the tongue. Whether at a ballroom dance academy, or an all female motorcycle club, the goal of each episode is a food truce, as Ezra and Julie try to help their subject spice up the flavor while creating a healthy meal. Healthy Gourmet was picked up by W Network (Canada) and The Fine Living Network (United States). (Produced by Telefactory) in 2010. Healthy Gourmet was picked up by The Oprah Winfrey Network (OWN) in 2012.
1519 ::: The Fair Trade (2008) ::: documentary ::: When an accident kills her fiancé, 25 year old Tamara Johnston quits a dream job to try to make sense of her new unwanted life. Grief intensifies both a desire to die and her deepening faith, resulting in a fierce deadline: show me something better than death, or I am out of here. Johnston launches a business, becomes an activist, develops her artistic passion, and risks love again but none of it is enough. As time passes in her bargain with God, an opportune trip to Africa gives her a glimpse of what is required of her in exchange for a sustainable life.
1520 ::: Zero Days (2016) ::: documentary ::: Documentary detailing claims of American/Israeli jointly developed malware Stuxnet being deployed not only to destroy Iranian enrichment centrifuges but also threaten attacks against Iranian civilian infrastructure. Adresses obvious potential blowback of this possibly being deployed against the US by Iran in retaliation.
1521 ::: The Red Dress Collection 2007 Fashion Show (2008) ::: documentary ::: In February 2007 ; The Heart Truth celebrated its fifth year at New York's Fashion Week, commemorating the groundbreaking partnership with America's fashion industry to raise awareness about women and heart disease. On National Wear Red Day-February 2, 2007- twenty-three "Celebrated Women" of entertainment, sports, business, and media fame united with top designers to debut Red Dresses created for The Heart Truth. Designed to warn women of their #1 health threat, The Heart Truth created and introduced the Red Dress as the national symbol for women and heart disease awareness in 2002 to deliver an urgent wake-up call to American women. The Red Dress reminds women of the need to protect their heart health and inspires them to take action. Each February since its launch, the Red Dress symbol has come to life on the runway on National Wear Red Day with the support of the fashion industry and celebrity models at the Red Dress Collection Fashion Show
1522 ::: Jongeun Chingoodeul (2013) ::: action ::: K (Yeon Jeong-Hun), Tatsuya (Kazuki Kitamura), Joon-Oh (Lee Ji-Hoon) and Yuuji (Kim Young-Hoon) are best friends. They work for Sung-Ho's gang in a Korean neighborhood in Japan. A power struggle over their territory erupts between their gang and the yakuza.K, Tatsuya, Joon-Oh and Yuuji try to revenge the death of a gang member, but they are soon chased by the police. As a result, Tatsuya is arrested and the relationship between Joon-Oh and K becomes frosty. Meanwhile, K robs the yakuza to bail out Tatsuya and Joon-Oh tries to find the snitch in Sung-Ho's gang. They learn that someone is behind the series of deaths of their members. A plan for revenge is set forth.
1523 ::: "Diary of a Henchman" (2015) ::: comedy ::: Diary of a Henchman is a quirky and irreverent comedy series that follows the exploits of Duke. Every episode, he navigates the growingly-bizarre world of henchman life while juggling a flighty half-sister, his high school crush who now has an eye for him, and a passive-aggressive mother who may also be a black widow killer. Did we mention that his boss also may have (at least) two twin brothers?
1524 ::: Bábóg (2018) ::: horror ::: On the eve of the visit of Pope John Paul II to Ireland, a teenage girl, Abigail O'Rourke falls pregnant in a small rural town. As friends and family quickly turn their back on Abigail she comes to believe that all is not as it seems with her pregnancy. Struggling to regain control over her life she finds herself wishing to be rid of her unborn child by any means necessary.
1525 ::: Redemption of the Ghost (2002) ::: drama ::: Convicted embezzler Witt Hampton escapes from prison and while hiding out in an isolated country barn is discovered by young Cassy and her brother Jack. After convincing them he's a friendly ghost that only they can see, the three new friends embark on one imaginative adventure after another until, inspired by their innocent spirits, Witt vows to redeem his crimes. But, a by-the-book sheriff-who has sworn to personally put Hampton back behind bars-is closing in, and Witt may never get the chance to finally set things right.
1526 ::: Mera Jiwan (1976) ::: drama ::: Our story starts in a small village Belapur situated in deep picturesque interior of country. Here in this village a sweet girl Sandhya is suffering from a heart disease. Her brother Biharilal takes the girl to a big city hospital. They happen to meet young doctor Anand in this hospital. He is a devoted young man very much interested in medical research. He is in the best books of senior doctors of the hospital. Sandhya had lost hope but Anand kindles the ray of hope in her mind. Once while she is sitting sad and forlorn he gives her a flower telling her life though short is yet very sweet. Sandhya is highly impressed, but due to her brother's fear of risking her life, she could not be operated there. They returned back. Anand had to face an unexpected tragedy. He was rusticated from medical college for breaking college rules and regulations and his studies were disrupted for three years. He was going home when he came across. Dr. Tyagi, an old retired doctor who was spending last years of his life attending the sick from village to village. He was like a moving hospital. Dr. Tyagi took Anand along with him but after few days Tyagi's death gave Anand another shock of his life. Now Anand had no future. He was like a lost traveler. Stresses and strains of fortune led him to Belapur where he had to work as a doctor in a small hospital. He was a doctor without degree and was working in the hospital illegally. Once he happen to meet Sandhya under a barren tree in the village. Anand remembered how deeply he had studied the case of this girl and how she left the city hospital without being operated. Sandhya's life was like a barren tree in Anand's company. She felt a new hope of spring vibrating in her being. One day Sandhya had a severe heart attack. In the village hospital there was no equipment for her heart operation, yet her operation was a must. She was in a very critical condition and she could not be taken to the city due to the long journey. Anand felt Sandhya's life could be saved but other doctors of the hospital were not in the favor of operation being done, owing to lack of equipment.
1527 ::: My Millennial Life (2016) ::: documentary ::: My Millennial Life is an intimate and entertaining observational documentary, featuring five dynamic 20-somethings. Set against the backdrop of underemployment, high unemployment, and uncertainty, the film presents the subjects' longings, challenges and dreams to make a mark in the world.
1528 ::: A Girl of the Limberlost (1924) ::: drama ::: Hardhearted Kate Comstock has always resented her daughter Elnora because her husband Robert died in the quicksands of the Limberlost swamp when Elnora was born. Longing for her mother's love, beautiful Elnora is easily loved by everyone else, including neighbors Wesley and Margaret Sinton and the "Bird-Woman" of the swamp, who helps Elnora raise money by teaching her to capture moths and butterflies for sale. Elnora does well in high school, too, and when Philip Amon comes to the neighborhood to recover his health, they fall in love with each other. Unfortunately, Philip is engaged to Edith Carr, a high-spirited but jealous beauty. Elnora seeks to avoid conflict with Edith by staying with Freckles and his wife, who also live in the Limberlost, but when Elnora helps nurse Philip back to health, Edith leaves them free to marry. When Mrs. Comstock learns that her husband had been unfaithful to her with neighbor Elvira Carney, she finally discovers in herself a love for her daughter, and extends her affections enough to adopt the orphaned boy Billy and his dog.
1529 ::: Kaise Kahe (2007) ::: drama ::: Bangalore-based Radhika Rao lives a wealthy lifestyle with her parents. She re-locates to London, England, and works as a news reporter with Sahara Samay. She meets with Financial Executive, Aditya Chowdhury, and both fall in love with each other. They get engaged and even invest in a house. They overcome differences, which only re-surface when Radhika, who has been promoted as Bureau Chief, decides to re-locate to Mumbai, India. Once there both overcome their differences and Aditya even visits her on her birthday. Shortly thereafter Radhika visits him in London. After a short harmonious period, their differences re-surface again and both decide to part ways. They will be fated to meet again after over 2 years in Australia - and the question remains will they be able to patch-up?
1530 ::: "We're Alive: Lockdown" (2016) ::: horror ::: "Life on the inside" takes on a whole new meaning. A riot has broken out at Twin Towers Jail. Simeon, five of his fellow inmates, and the prison guards assigned to them have found themselves trapped in the inescapable confines of T-block during the lockdown. Boundaries of trust are pushed to the limit as the survivors must learn to work together if they have any hope of escaping the horde of infected and the deadly secret that lies within Twin Tower's walls. "We're Alive: Lockdown" serves as both a standalone and continuation of the "We're Alive: A Story of Survival" series. It answers questions, asks new ones, and keeps the listener guessing right up until the bitter end. What is "Audio Theater for the Mind"? Think of it a type of show that you can play in your head, guided by the narrative but carried by your imagination. Unlike film or television, an audio drama has the power to strike a deeper emotional connection with the audience.
1531 ::: Uuno Turhapuron aviokriisi (1981) ::: comedy ::: Uuno's nose is proved to be so good, that he can smell behind the display window what goods are on the other side. With this fabulous smell talent Uuno is chosen to Police's police-dog school as a student among the other dogs. Meanwhile Director Tuura, Uuno's father-in-law has been chosen to a very high office and thinks that Uuno is just gaining bad reputation for him, so he decides to broake Uuno's and Elisabet's marriage.
1532 ::: "Nextoons: The Nicktoons Film Festival" (2004) ::: animation ::: The Nicktoons Animation Festival was an annual event that was created by producer Fred Seibert and produced for its first three years by his Frederator Studios. The festival featured a selection of animated shorts from around the globe. Shorts selected for the festival had the chance to be aired on Nicktoons Network, online and to be showcased at a live event in Los Angeles in October. Several prizes were awarded each year. Animators under 18 years old were eligible to enter the Greater Creator Contest. 2009 was the final season of the festival.
1533 ::: Maria Marusjka (1973) ::: drama ::: Fyrvokteren Ewert, tidligere sjřmann, har slĺtt seg ned pĺ en řy og vokter Sřrlandskysten. Han bor pĺ fyrřya sammen med sin kone og datter. Hele tiden bćrer han pĺ et minne fra yngre dager om Maria Marusjka - en kvinne med varme og forstĺelse. Mens hans kone Maria langsomt begynner ĺ miste sin ungdommelige skjřnnhet, og hans datter for lengst har begynt ĺ ferdes mer og mer pĺ fastlandet, begynner han ĺ fundere pĺ hva som skjer med en tenĺringsjente nĺr skoledagene snart er over? Hva vil det bli til med de to halvgamle menneskene nĺr datteren forsvinner? Etter et plutselig innfall leier han ut en hytte pĺ řya til den 38 ĺr gamle forfatteren Knut Strřm. Men alt gĺr ikke slik Ewert hadde tenkt.
1534 ::: The Spirit Hunters (1994) ::: documentary ::: Filmed within Peru's remote Manu National Park, "The Spirit Hunters" follows the American anthropologist Glenn Shepard as he lives with and learns from the Machiguenga Indians of the Upper Amazon. This isolated tribe, which once had contact with the powerful Inca Empire, believes that all rain forest plants and animals have arisen from their ancestors and thus possess human spirits and souls.
1535 ::: Mirror (2012/II) ::: drama ::: Decardo Mabry, a Grammy Award Music Producer/Choreographer explains the film called 'Reasons To Date A Real Black Woman' he wrote and directed in a radio interview that has black women upset! While pursuing his struggling career he doesn't have the support of his girlfriend Nicole. He returns to GOD and he is sent his new partner! She motivates and supports him. He becomes successful and because of her support he writes the film 'Reasons To Date A Real Black Woman' which becomes #1 at the Box Office. This film runs down some issues that are present in todays relationships among Black Men and Women.
1536 ::: The Hockey Nomad (2003) ::: documentary ::: THE HOCKEY NOMAD is based on Dave Bidini's best selling book Tropic of Hockey. Dave's quest takes him far from the corporate branded arenas and millionaire players of professional hockey to lesser-known rinks in Dubai, Transylvania, and Mongolia. In each locale, he explores the origin of the local game and meets the eccentric and passionate people who play it.
1537 ::: Circle the Wagen (2013) ::: documentary ::: Circle The Wagen is a feature-length buddy/road-trip/docu-dramedy that follows Dave, an idealistic adventurer and automotive ne'er-do-well, and his convivial co-pilot Charlie on their journey down Route 66 in a baby blue 1972 VW bus. Through mishaps and murals, gasoline baths and breakdowns the two discover a teeming underground of vintage VW diehards willing to help save "The Croc" from the scrap heap and rally her beleaguered owner on to California.
1538 ::: Komödie der Irrungen (1970) ::: comedy ::: Aegeon of Syracuse has come to Ephesus to seek his son, who went in search of his missing twin and mother months ago. Too bad that Ephesus has just declared war on Syracuse, and will instantly put to death any Syracusean found within their borders unless a ransom's paid. Meanwhile, the son, Antipholus, and his servant, Dromio (also an identical twin), keep running into strangers who seem to know them...
1539 ::: Luang phii theng III (2010) ::: comedy ::: Noi is a rock star who starts to feel bore within materialistic Thai society. He eventually finds the path to tranquility and peace by entering the monkhood. Now Noi is a young, self-confident, and stubborn monk who has to deal with many hilarious situations with his new companions. It seems like Noi can't really escape from his confusing rock star world after all.
1540 ::: "Conviction Kitchen" (2009) ::: reality-tv ::: Marc and Biana have three weeks to train a staff of former bank robbers, thieves and minor offenders. They also have to completely outfit a brand new business, and create an Italian menu around fresh and seasonal ingredients. But the real challenge will be making it beyond opening night-because once the eatery opens, the restaurant's motley crew have only three months to turn a profit-or their bosses will pull the plug, and they'll lose their second (or last?) chance to turn their lives around. Can these convicted criminals handle culinary boot camp? Are they ready for the stresses of a professional kitchen-and can they cook themselves up a bright new future on the right side of the law?
1541 ::: Boa Sorte (2014) ::: drama ::: After several behavior problems, Joăo, a teenager (Joăo Pedro Zappa) is admitted to a psychiatric clinic by his family. There he meets Judite ( Deborah Secco) , for who he soon falls in love. The problem is that she does not have much time to live and they know it. This shall not prevent the emergence of a great romance in the clinic. Joăo (Joăo Pedro Zappa) is a 17 year old teenager who feels invisible. After several behavioral problem she is sent to a psychiatric clinic. There he immediately falls in love with Judith (Deborah Secco). She is a 30 year old woman who has experienced everything. They live an intense and transformative love. The beginning of his great love is overshadowed by the fact that she will soon die.
1542 ::: Injury Slight... Please Advise (2008) ::: action ::: Ace fighter pilot, Charles O'Sullivan, is shot down in New Guinea during WWII. He crash lands his plane and survives 30 days in the jungle. Sully happens upon a village in the jungle, finding himself subject to a tribe of headhunters who attack him. Sully shoots his way out of the village and is then hunted through the jungle. Thirty days after his crash, Sully discovers a friendly Australian patrol that sees him safely back to his base. Fifty years later the wreckage of O'Sullivan's plane is discovered in the jungle. When Sully attempts to visit his plane, he learns that the story of his shoot out is still being told among the locals in New Guinea, endangering his life if he returns.
1543 ::: Crasher (2011) ::: action ::: Crasher is a Multiplayer Online Battle Arena (MOBA) game. Its originality is the use of vehicles which replaces human heroes for the first time in this kind of game. The game includes 18 vehicles in 6 different classes. Each vehicle owns its unique skills and weapons. There are 2 games modes: The "Crasher Terrority Control" where 2 teams must capture and defend map areas. The "Crasher Battle Arena" where 2 teams fight until the death. There is no respawn in this mode. The team battle has 2 configurations : 3vs3 and 5vs5. At the end of every play, each competitor wins XP points and new items in order to progress in the global leaderboard.
1544 ::: Willie Francis Must Die Again (2018) ::: drama ::: Willie Francis Must Die Again is a feature film and a true story about a 16 year old African-American boy in Louisiana who was wrongfully charged with the murder of a Caucasian man and sentenced to the electric chair in 1946, However - The electrocution was not successful and Willie did not die. A young attorney Bertrand took on Willies case and brought it all the way to the Supreme court, Willie was denied justice and executed a 2nd time.
1545 ::: Bred in the Bone (2006) ::: drama ::: John Palmentario is desperate NOT to follow in his father, EUGENE'S, footsteps... NOT to make the same mistakes. At 34, John, looks back on his life as a paid thug who won't kill or carry a gun and realizes that his life is not such a far cry from that of his father's. John buys a ring and tells his best-friend and assistant, ANDY, he's ready to quit and marry his girlfriend, GIGI. Stunned, Andy convinces him to do just 2 more jobs so that he can get settled but John 's life is suddenly turned around with the appearance of a mysterious, Mexican, CRUZ. Can John make the choices to change his life, or is it BRED IN THE BONE?
1546 ::: Recreating the Eighth Wonder: The Making of 'King Kong' (2006) ::: documentary ::: Following the immense success of The Lord of the Rings trilogy, Peter Jackson directs _King Kong (2005)_ (qv). This documentary follows him, and the immense project from start to finish. It turns out that this one film may actually be a larger task to complete than all 3 of the Lord of the Rings films together.
1547 ::: County Fair (1950) ::: drama ::: "Ma" Ryan, who runs a burger stand at the county fair, asks daughter Loretta to put a bet on a horse that Loretta's boyfriend Tommy is riding. Unfortunately, Loretta mistakenly places the bet on the wrong horse. When she discovers her error she tries to get the cashier to exchange the ticket for the horse she wanted, but the cashier refuses. Peter Brennan, standing in back of her in line, buys the ticket for the horse Loretta wants and then exchanges it with her. It turns out that Peter is from a wealthy family that owns racehorses, and Peter is a horse trainer himself. He soon begins to fall for Loretta, and Tommy doesn't like it one bit. Complications ensue.
1548 ::: My San Joaquin (2011) ::: drama ::: Antonio returns to his hometown to honor his Papa's memory and go on the commemorative annual Joaquin Murrietta three day Horseback ride. Alicia also returns from her glamorous New York life at the request of her best friend to partake in the ride for her 30th birthday. Little does anyone know what old memories between childhood friends may conjure up along with some romance and comedy.
1549 ::: The Real Rocky (2011) ::: documentary ::: Chuck Wepner is a liquor salesman from Bayonne, NJ who drives a Cadillac with "Champ" vanity plates. A former New Jersey State Heavyweight Boxing Champion, he took abuse from Sonny Liston, got his nose broken by Muhammad Ali, and inspired Sylvester Stallone to write "Rocky". Wepner was left out of the "Rocky" glory, and his career took turn after strange turn as he worked to stay in the spotlight.
1550 ::: Un chien qui rapporte (1932) ::: comedy ::: Josyane Plaisir, a rather idle singer, who is waiting for the man of her heart,handsome and rich if possible, accepts the offer of a dog handler. The clever man has worked out a scheme to snare rich men. The trick is simple: "Pantoufle", the little dog he lets for 5,000 francs a week, will run off, climb into a luxurious car with only one man inside and "retrieve" him to Josyane, since her address is stuck to the dog's collar. René, the first man who rings her door-bell, is single (or nearly so!), good-looking but ... broke.
1551 ::: Abwärts (1984) ::: thriller ::: It's Friday evening. The lift repairman leaves the building and wants to finish his work on Monday. But he doesn't know there are four men in the building. They use the lift but stay in it about 100 meters from the floor. They have little oxygen and must survive...
1552 ::: Gouravam (2013) ::: drama ::: So basically the movie is about a student(Allu Shirish) who goes to a village Because of his fathers work and then goes in search of his college friend and then Allu sirish gets to know dat his friend was missing from the village with his lover so now he tries to find out y his friend gone missing where did he go and what's the mystery behind it basically this is underrated movie this movie is very good in terms of sentiment action etc hope we will get to see more movies like this
1553 ::: Hit Men (2016) ::: drama ::: A Beckettian tinged examination of Hollywood, artistry, and ownership concerning a drug-addled writer and his ex-boyfriend who, with prodding from their image obsessed manager, reluctantly agree to pen the next hit song for a teen it girl, whom they hate, in order to get their pet project produced.
1554 ::: Wie Ninette zu ihrem Ausgang kam (1913) ::: short ::: When the mistress of the house orders Ninette to wash and iron a large heap of clothes, fold them up and put them in a cupboard, Ninette bursts into tears. She has planned to spend the evening with her fiancé, a soldier, but now this is impossible, because of all the work that has to be done. The soldier arrives, perceives the problem, and slips off. After a while he is back with a box of washing powder. Now the washing, ironing and folding is made in no time, and the happy pair slips off. When the mistress steps into the room, she is surprised to find the work already done. Ninette and the soldier return with an advertising poster for the washing powder Neubozon.
1555 ::: Tarkowskij und ich (2003) ::: short ::: For years and years it's been the same performance of the same ritual in the small council flat in Bensheim. An old woman carries her chair closer to the window and stares out on to the empty crossroads in front of the house. A documentary about a life between times and countries.
1556 ::: Mesdames et Messieurs (2005) ::: short ::: A chic, 1930s cabaret. The atmosphere is cool, but electric. The patrons, dressed to the nines, speak in hushed tones - we catch snippets of conversation, see eyes meet and smiles exchanged. There's a sense of anticipation, as though champagne corks are ready to pop. Ladies and gentlemen, the evening is getting underway! Couples meet to the sound of a cappella voices singing of love. The music - by Luc Plamondon, Patricia Kaas, Edith Piaf, Gérard Lenorman, Jean-Pierre Ferland and others - is sung by adults. But the couples are played by children: 26 seven-year-old whose teacher worked with them throughout the project. It's a dance-filled evening of emotion: from love to laughter, tears, anger, and back to love again. Voices mingle and dancers glide through an evening bursting with life and excitement.
1557 ::: Autistic-Like: Graham's Story (2008) ::: documentary ::: Autistic-Like: Graham's Story is an intimate family portrait showing one dad's determined quest to find the right therapies, the right doctors, and even the right words to describe his son. This short subject documentary is a startling report from the edge of the autism epidemic, and illuminates the medical, social and public health issues faced by families whose autistic-like children have no clear diagnosis, and are offered no specific treatment.
1558 ::: "Miss Multiverse Super Model & Beauty Queen" (2013) ::: reality-tv ::: This TV & Web series follows the challenges faced by the organizer of the beauty pageant and her team as the roller coaster of obstacles unfolds amongst a group of models from different nationalities whose lives revolve around glamor, perfection and winning at any cost in order to reach beauty queen status.
1559 ::: The Creature from Lake Michigan (2010) ::: comedy ::: Environmental activist Clark Johnson must join forces with a marine biologist and a misguided band of surfers to battle a deranged hit-man, low-budget filmmakers and a crazed warrior from beyond the stars in order to help a menacing mutant monster from the depths of Lake Michigan.
1560 ::: Journey to Freedom (2012) ::: documentary ::: Journey to Freedom is a documentary that brings to life the startling similarities between historic slavery and human trafficking, inspiring today's freedom fighters. Produced by the National Underground Freedom Center, with support from US State Dept and Google. Directed by Justin Dillon
1561 ::: Un passo indietro (2008) ::: drama ::: Paolo is an unlicensed taxi driver with financial problems due to debts and lives with his mother. Saverio is a young man with a criminal record who wants to leave behind his previous lifestyle in the hope of winning back Maria's trust. Stefano is a small time businessman involved in illegal dealings. The three characters meet in the course of a suspicious assignment, which turns out to be a trap. When they return, everything has changed. Stefano's wife has disappeared. Paolo decides to take justice into his own hands. Maria has also left without a trace other than a crumpled slip of paper that a friend has fished out of the trash. When Paolo reads the paper to Saverio, it is already too late.
1562 ::: Loreto: The Mystery of The Holy House (2010) ::: documentary ::: An exclusive documentary investigation into one of the most fascinating and controversial mysteries of Christianity. How was the Holy House of the Virgin Mary transported from its original location in Nazareth, Palestine, to the town of Loreto on Italy's Adriatic coast?
1563 ::: Ata (2014) ::: drama ::: Tianyu is a blind child who dreams of a life very different from the one planned for him by his mother. Strange as it may seem, she wants to turn him into a table tennis champion. When the boy disappears one day, his mother sets out in search of him, and she soon understands that she needs to hear and feel what her son sees in order to find him. Thus, she too must enter a world of darkness.
1564 ::: Post No Bills (1991) ::: documentary ::: Political heavy-weights populate this urgent and humorous documentary on the detonative mix of art and politics as embodied in the work of infamous "guerilla" poster artist Robbie Conal, a professional painter who estimates that hundreds of thousands of his caricatured paintings-as-posters have been splattered across the United States' urban streets, militantly affixed by himself and his cult following of urban guerilla volunteers to construction sites, traffic light switching boxes and any other surface area large enough to house one of these satirical images. Specializing in what he calls "info-tainment," Conal's posters offer an immediate response to today's headlines through the expressionistically decaying depiction of the socially and politically powerful accompanied by several words of dichotomous text. Beginning in 1986 with the onset of the Iran-Contra scandal, Conal has distributed his work in a way even Andy Warhol might not have dreamed possible. As Conal modestly points out, "these are some of the most famous paintings of any contemporary artist because I make you see them whether you want to or not." The original canvases, from which the posters are reproduced, simultaneously grace elite gallery walls and wealthy collectors' homes. Post No Bills foregrounds the tension between Conal's creative process and the lures of a desperate notoriety achieved through catering to the newsmedia's craving for controversy in his journey to express himself and benefit from the notoriety generated from his endeavors. In September 1990, after "reasonably outspoken" Los Angeles Police Chief Daryl F. Gates casually stated that "casual drug users ought to be taken out and shot," Conal began collaboration with student Patrick Crowley on a poster criticizing this hyperbolic remark. When an outraged world focused on Los Angeles in March of 1991 with the release of the graphic video footage of the beating of Rodney King by Los Angeles police officers, Conal and Crowley took to the L.A. streets his most daring, inciting and inflammatory image to date; a poster depicting the police chief on a full torso N.R.A. shooting target with the text "casual drug users ought to be taken out and beaten. Post No Bills concentrates on this poster of Gates, including an interview with the beleaguered Chief himself, celebrating the potential of this piece of political street art and exposing the dissociation to be made between Conal and his subject matter. A documentary look at artist Robbie Conal. Conal paints political posters and then organizes gangs of folks to plaster them up all over town. The film visits his L.A. studio as he paints and as he turns out posters; he talks about his work. We also watch his volunteers out on the streets putting up the posters, and we see the cityscape decorated with his art. The soundtrack includes public utterances by Ronald Reagan, George Bush, Ollie North, Tammy Faye Baker, and others whom Conal's guerrilla art skewers.
1565 ::: Apartment 67 (2007) ::: comedy ::: The Son of God and the Son of the Devil are roommates with an identity crisis. Damien, the Devil's Son, is tired of being the bad guy. Jesse, the reincarnation of Christ, is a cocky, headstrong individual. They have both fallen in love with Maxine, their beautiful neighbor. They will do anything to win her affection, including ending their friendship and possibly the world.
1566 ::: 25 Hill (2011) ::: drama ::: The story of an 11-year-old boy whose derby dreams are left in pieces when his soldier father is killed in Afghanistan. The boy teams up with a father figure whose own son, a firefighter, died in the line of duty, and the two help each other find redemption and revive the derby.
1567 ::: Anna (1996) ::: history ::: The film tells of faithful devotion to spiritual ideals. It is based on Riga St. Anna Stocken's Life Story of the Cistercian Monastery of Mary Magdalene. She lived in the 16th century when the wave of reformation was cold before Riga, and questions about true values and conformism were just as actual as it may be today.
1568 ::: Luminosity (2016/I) ::: thriller ::: Agatha and Ethan are two kids distraught over the recent death of their mother. They learn how to contact her ghost and this brings light into their lives. Agatha and Ethan learn the hard way that there are dark and sinister ghosts as well.
1569 ::: Pale Dragonfly (1999) ::: adventure ::: Rival thugs attempting to steal The Pale Butterfly leave a trail of bound and gagged ladies in their wake. In the second story, a cute blonde refuses to see her old house to a real estate tycoon and finds that the land baron wants to play hardball.
1570 ::: Natures Moment in the Smokies Scene 2 (2012) ::: reality-tv ::: Nature's Moment Scene 2 Shot in Hi-Definition, this DVD features one continuous scene of natural river sights and sounds. Immerse yourself in the tranquility and beauty of this mountain river. Nature's Moment in the Smokies features beautiful background scenery and is suitable for use as projected or screen wall imagery for home and business and provides ideal natural white noise for relaxing or falling asleep. The photo pictured on the DVD cover represents the scene you'll see in this relaxing DVD. Each Nature's Moment in the Smokies is approximately 90 minutes in length. Order your DVD today.
1571 ::: Survival (2016/V) ::: short ::: Survival is the third installment in a series of narrative adaptations of poems written by former Salvation Army world leader General John Gowans. This short film showcases the power of love, hope, and togetherness in the midst of a world wrought with chaos, disarray, and brokenness.
1572 ::: Downsized (2007) ::: drama ::: Tommy Hunter, a young union v.p., inadvertently frames the wrong two men for a bloodbath implicating his union president. If he clears the two men, he endangers himself and those he cares about. If he says nothing, can he live with himself?
1573 ::: Drama in the Hills: US Weekly Presents the Top 10 Most Memorable Moments Ever (2008) ::: reality-tv ::: For three years, the lives of Lauren and her friends in LA have been followed as The Hills became a global phenomenon. In Drama in the Hills: US Weekly Presents the Top Ten Most Memorable Moments Ever, and counts down the best moments of past seasons. With personal testimonials from the entire cast and  interviews with celebrities and media experts who share their point of view on why The Hills has gained such massive popularity.
1574 ::: "The Dustbinmen" (1969) ::: comedy ::: A thick fog leaves Bloody Delilah stranded at the depot for the night with the Thunderbird 3 crew.As the long night drags by, and Winston desperate to know the result of his beloved Manchester City's game,things may never be the same again.
1575 ::: Angelfall (????) ::: fantasy ::: Six weeks after angels of the apocalypse descend to demolish the modern world, street gangs rule the day while fear and superstition rule the night. When warrior angels fly away with a helpless little girl, her seventeen-year-old sister Penryn will do anything to get her back... even if that means making a deal with an enemy angel Raffe, a warrior who has been left bleeding and wingless. Having only each other to rely on for survival, the two journey towards the angel's stronghold where she must risk everything to rescue her sister and he must decide whether to put himself at the mercy of his enemies for the chance to be made whole again.
1576 ::: DJ Quik: Visualism - The Art of Sound Into Vision (2003) ::: music ::: He may be the most underrated rap star and producer in the world. He is a pioneer of urban music, beginning his career in the streets of Compton and responsible for the sale of over 85 million records worldwide. Never before has DJ Quik allowed access into his personal and professional life... until now. Go behind the scenes with all access footage, including Quik's personal home videos, tour footage, studio and much more, along with such hits as "Born and Raised in Compton," "Tonight," "Trouble" and many more.
1577 ::: Chevelle: Any Last Words (2011) ::: music ::: Chevelle commemorate a decade of hard rock with Any Last Words, a sold out intimate event at the Cabaret Metro, not far from the band's home in Chicago. Includes powerhouse live versions of "Send the Pain Below", "The Clincher" and "I Get It."
1578 ::: "Da Jue Ze" (2012) ::: war ::: The summer of 1937, the Japanese launched an all-out war of aggression, Peking was surrounded on three sides, is at stake. Boston University professor Wu Mingtai patriotic scholars, regardless of yellow orchids lovers opposition, and his assistant Shu Lijuan resolutely embarked on a return journey back to China. After return to Peking, Wu Mingtai stepped in as Peking University Beijing, for crushing Japanese militarism "Great East Asian culture strategy," Liu Jian personally led white, still Wenjing, Chan King Zhuang patriotic scholar overcame hardships humiliation, moved to the University of Southern Changsha, finally arrived in Kunming, the protection of a large number of students.
1579 ::: Los tramposos (1959) ::: comedy ::: Two guys live without working quite well using thousands of tricks and fakes. But they soon change their attitudes when love arrives at their hearts.
1580 ::: Lawless Code (1949) ::: western ::: Curly Blake, nephew and heir of wealthy Red Rock rancher Jed Gordon, persuades his uncle not to invest in a crooked land scheme promoted by former judge Harmon Steele and his secretary Lem Martin. Thinking Curly has cheated in a poker game with Tom Blaine and Carter, Gordon disowns him and invests with Steele, not realizing that the latter has paid Blaine and Carter to frame Curly. Later, realizing that Steele is a crook, he confronts Steele, who kills Gordon with Blaine's gun. The four plotters throw the suspicion on Curly but he escapes from the sheriff, and is hidden by Jimmy and his pal "Cannonball" who suspect Steele. To force Steele to return Blaine's incriminating gun, Blaine and Carter kidnap Rita Caldwell, Steele's fiancée and Curly's former sweetheart, but are chased by Jimmy who kills Blaine and wounds Carter. Steele attempts to kill the imprisoned Carter, but Jimmy pursues the promoter, whose neck is broken when he tries to escape.
1581 ::: Godless Men (1920) ::: drama ::: On board his trading schooner in the South Pacific, tough sea captain Black Pawl confronts his own son, who has grown up in his father's shadow and reflects only his dark side.
1582 ::: My Father's Shadow: The Sam Sheppard Story (1998) ::: drama ::: Fact-based story about the controversial conviction of Dr. Sam Sheppard (Peter Strauss) for the murder of his wife in Cleveland. The story picks up with his conviction and concentrates on his son's (Henry Czerny) efforts 40 years later to find evidence that his father was innocent of the crime. The story was the basis for the film and TV series of "The Fugitive".
1583 ::: Kerry and Me (2010) ::: documentary ::: Kerry Katona is a product of our times: famous for being famous. Every aspect of Kerry Katona's life has been exposed to public scrutiny.....and yet still she seeks more exposure. Now, with her 'career' in tatters after a newspaper caught her snorting cocaine, she's bankrupt, divorcing for the second time....and yet is determined to make a comeback. The newspaper stories are endlessly negative, but what drives someone to seek the limelight - seemingly at any price?
1584 ::: Anweshan (1984) ::: drama ::: Anweshan is a social drama that revolves around a murder mystery and the complications of love relations. It exposes the many evils existing in society, like the greed for money and power, lust and unjust living, and many more. It shows the good and evil side of man, and how through the worst of times, goodness is finally rewarded. And that evil deeds are never left without suitable punishment.
1585 ::: "The Marshall Chronicles" (1990) ::: comedy ::: Marshall is a young high school kid who breaks the fourth wall and tell us about his life just like if he was sitting with us in our living room. Mostly the show revolves around him in love with the most beautiful girl in school who he has known since childhood but who is dating the school bully.(who of course makes Marshall life miserable)
1586 ::: Nuts & Robbers (2012) ::: short ::: Robberies don't always have to be planned. In this case, they dont even have to make sense. Follow Micky as he attempts to hold up the wrong shop at the wrong time and in the wrong neighbourhood. 'Nuts and Robbers' is a black-comedy short film from the creative minds of Marty Stalker and Aidan Gault.
1587 ::: Praise the Teacher (2013) ::: documentary ::: Film producer, Ernesto, is motivated by stories of teachers that travel to remote areas of the country to teach. He decides to do a documentary with Dave, an American cameraman, along with teacher Anita, Mr. Jose and his horse. During the trip through the jungle they Exchange stories contrasting education in the United States and the rural school destination. The trip is dangerous and the teacher suffers an accident. She has to be evacuated by helicopter and touched by the dedicated work of the teacher; Ernesto decides to stay teaching until the replacement comes. If indeed arrives.
1588 ::: Robinson Crusoe ve Cuma (2015) ::: comedy ::: Robinson Crusoe and Cuma, who celebrate the 15th anniversary of ending up on a desert island, see a ship approaching shore when their troubles about loneliness come out. An adventurer man whose name is Viktor get off this ship that has neither a sail nor a mast. He has run away from retrogressive world together with his animals in the ship and has been looking for a new place to survive. Furthermore, he did not come alone to the island. His two beautiful daughters, one of them is stepchild, made this journey with him. Donelya and Yanarin who grew up in abbey discipline are two young and attractive girls. Robinson and Cuma embrace this guests and their ordinary life starts to be more exciting. The buddies who fall in love with girls before long try all the ways to score. However, Viktor "a conservative dad" is an important obstacle for them. Even so Robinson and Cuma try to struggle determinedly for their love.
1589 ::: Kennedy-Nixon Debate (1960) ::: documentary ::: A televised debate between 1960 presidential candidates John F. Kennedy (Democrat and Richard M. Nixon (Republican). Most political observers agree that Nixon came across poorly--unprepared, nervous and sweating profusely--while Kennedy seemed calm, collected, confident and knowledgeable, and the general consensus was that Kennedy handily won the debate, and it was this performance that convinced much of the public that Kennedy would be a better president than Nixon.
1590 ::: Confessions of a Young American Housewife (1974) ::: drama ::: Carol (Rebecca Brooke) is a young happily married New Yorker, who enjoys being part of a swinging foursome with her husband and a befriended couple. One day Carol's widowed mother (Jennifer Welles) comes to stay in their house, but she is more on the conservative side and doesn't know about her partner-swapping daughter. Could she ever open up to this sexually open lifestyle? Carol, a beautiful young happily married woman, lives in New York with her husband and enjoys her wonderful sex life. Things just could not get better. That is until her mother comes to stay with her and emotions from their torrid past come back to Carol. What follows can only be described as a sheer orgy of seduction and eroticismn.
1591 ::: Ruined (1968) ::: drama ::: Jerry and his cellmate escape from prison. While fleeing, they see Honey taking a dip in the stream. The men force her to take them to her home, and there they terrorize her father, her virgin sister, and her adopted Japanese sister. The men threaten the girls, and Honey offers herself to the men if they will not molest her sisters. The men have sex with her and then rape the others. The men leave the house with Honey as a hostage, and they rape two girls whose car is stalled on the highway. Honey escapes; the men fight with each other; and Jerry kills his cellmate. Honey goes to the sheriff for help, and Jerry is arrested.
1592 ::: The Defiant Ones (1986) ::: drama ::: Carl Monroe and 'Joker' Johnson share some things: They are both in jail and they both hate each other. After a fist fight the are going to be put into an other jailhouse by car. They come to blows so wild that their transport has an accident. They manage to escape chained to each other, still hating each other and the sheriff hunting them.
1593 ::: Two Suns (2005) ::: short ::: Desolation supreme in a Super 8 tour of California's urban and non-urban landscapes. Lonely is an eyesore: the blur of neon lights or the grain in the wire, sustained by the intense drone music pyramids of Cantu-Ledesma. Grey is the color of thy soul.
1594 ::: Ethnic Notions (1986) ::: documentary ::: Ethnic Notions is Marlon Riggs' Emmy-winning documentary that takes viewers on a disturbing voyage through American history, tracing for the first time the deep-rooted stereotypes which have fueled anti-black prejudice. Through these images we can begin to understand the evolution of racial consciousness in America. Loyal Toms, carefree Sambos, faithful Mammies, grinning Coons, savage Brutes, and wide-eyed Pickaninnies roll across the screen in cartoons, feature films, popular songs, minstrel shows, advertisements, folklore, household artifacts, even children's rhymes. These dehumanizing caricatures permeated popular culture from the 1820s to the Civil Rights period and implanted themselves deep in the American psyche. Narration by Esther Rolle and commentary by respected scholars shed light on the origins and devastating consequences of this 150 yearlong parade of bigotry. Ethnic Notions situates each stereotype historically in white society's shifting needs to justify racist oppression from slavery to the present day. The insidious images exacted a devastating toll on black Americans and continue to undermine race relations.
1595 ::: The Tightrope Dancer (1990) ::: documentary ::: A documentary on artist and adventurer Vali Myers; the legendary flame-haired dancing Bohemian of post-war Paris; the Free Spirit of Tennessee Williams' Orpheus Descending and the creator of magical paintings. Shot on location in her wild remote valley in Salerno, and Naples where she dances with Vesuvian gypsies, Vali resumes her annual sojourn at New York's Chelsea Hotel where she continues to take the city by storm.
1596 ::: Apocalyptic Horror (2017) ::: horror ::: A collection of twisted short films officially selected by prestigious horror fim festivals is what is in store here. From the early grind house works in THE DOMESTIC, Brutal revenge with no holds barred violence of the CAREFUL OWNER series, creepy monsters, cowboys and cos players this anthology of film shorts makes for interesting if sometimes excessively violent viewing.
1597 ::: Fogo (2012) ::: drama ::: The deterioration of a small community in Fogo Island is forcing its inhabitants to leave and resettle. Places once occupied by humans are now becoming part of the tundra. In spite of a condemned future, there are some residents who decide to remain, holding on to their memories and grieving for the past, when life in Fogo was different.
1598 ::: Jose (2018) ::: drama ::: Jose (early 20s) lives in Guatemala City with his Mother (60ish). She never had a husband, and Jose is her favorite child and the youngest of five. Her life is her church and a food cart business. Jose lives a typical urban life: rough streets, cramped buses and long hours as a waiter. Single, intense and aloof, he gets by with his phone, a couple friends and a few quetzales in his pocket. Poised on the edge, in troubled and uncertain times, what does life have to offer?
1599 ::: Tell Me Do You Miss Me (2006) ::: documentary ::: In TELL ME DO YOU MISS ME, the four members of the celebrated New York-based indie-rock band LUNA confront the ceiling of their ambition, the harsh realities of their modest success, and their conflicted feelings about each other as they embark on their final world tour and uncertain futures. Laced with moments of both humor and melancholia, TELL ME DO MISS ME earnestly exposes the underbelly of a touring rock band in their final days together. Supported sonically with Luna's dreamy catalog of indie-pop and visually with lush travelogue footage with adventurous stops in England, Japan, and Spain, TELL ME DO YOU MISS ME is an elegy for an era.
1600 ::: Angel Investors (????) ::: comedy ::: Call Girls are the Angel Investors of a high-technology start-up. They are working their asses off, no pun intended, to keep the company afloat. Their dreams of moving the company forward is challenged by the local police and the mob who are trying relentless to bust them. ANGEL INVESTORS is a comedy of a high-tech company who pitches their high-tech start-up to young college call girls for financing. The call girls negotiate stock options in the company and have dreams of taking it public. Call Girls are the Angel Investors behind a high-tech start-up. They work their asses off, no pun intended, to keep the company afloat. Their dreams of going public is challenged by the local police and the mob who are trying relentless to bust them.
1601 ::: Filhaal... (2002) ::: drama ::: Rewa Singh (Tabu) and Sia Sheth (Sushmita Sen) are inseparable friends. Their bond has grown despite of Rewa's marriage to Dhruv Malhotra (Sanjay Suri). All rejoice when Rewa and Dhruv are expecting a baby. Complications arise, and as a result Rewa loses the baby, and is devastated all the more when told that she can no longer bear children. Sia comes to her rescue by making herself available as a surrogate mother. This uplifts Rewa's spirits, and plans are afoot to make preparations for the forthcoming child. Then Sia starts having second thoughts of having to keep the child for herself; and an insecure Rewa starts doubting her husband, who she feels is paying far too much attention on Sia.
1602 ::: "I Love College" (2012) ::: comedy ::: Prepare to relive your college years through the eyes of these eager new freshmen: Jeremy the quick-witted smartass, Taylor the competitive one-upper, Fisher the socially awkward newbie, Blake the dumb-but-cocky playboy, and Ots, the impulsive functional alcoholic. Together they will run the gauntlet of college milestones and antics - from the intolerably unnecessary lectures of Orientation Week, to the bittersweet crescendo of graduation day.
1603 ::: 3 Secondes et 5 Minutes (2014) ::: comedy ::: 2012: A family of Cité Balzac, a Paris's immigrant suburb, must leave the building where they live in before its impending demolition due to a political program of immigration control. Because of their different ages, their personalities and their diverse stories they do not feel the same way about this event. Between mirth, nostalgia, enthusiasm and indifference they are forced to move and their neighborhood disappears forever after few days.
1604 ::: L'amico di famiglia (2006) ::: drama ::: Geremia, an aging tailor/money lender, is a repulsive, mean, stingy man who lives alone in his shabby house with his scornful, bedridden mother. He has a morbid, obsessive relationship with money and he uses it to insinuate himself into other people's affairs, pretending to be the "family friend". One day he is asked by a man to lend him money for the wedding of Rosalba, his daughter. Geremia falls in love at first sight with the bewitching creature and and soon indulges in a "beauty and the beast" relationship...
1605 ::: Why It Is Okay to Be Different (2013) ::: short ::: An empowering speech by pint-sized 8-year-old redhead Katie about the importance of being different and standing up to bullies. Each scene is filmed in a 'different' location with a 'different' outfit and 'different' hairstyle. Directed, filmed and edited by her 12 year old camera-shy brother Matthew.
1606 ::: Crackpot (2006) ::: comedy ::: Crackpot is a low budget comedy about a homeless man who challenges the powers that be in a series of misadventures. Bobby sleeps in alleys and drifts through life, until he decides to raise up and rally a group of followers to break free from social barriers. His movement gains momentum and some with lesser imagination conspire to lock him up. He must escape captivity and battle mental illness so he can spread his words and teach people to be free.
1607 ::: Flight of the White Heron (1954) ::: documentary ::: This 1954 film---50,000 Royal miles in CinemaScope and Eastman Color/Colour---covers the earlier-in-the-year six-months tour of the British Commonwealth by Queen Elizabeth and Philip, later joined by Prince Charles and Princess Anne toward the end of the trip. Those who wish can add the above four to the cast, but the thought here is they don't qualify as actors. At least, not in the normal sense. The footage includes visits to the Fiji Islands, Tongo, the Cocos Islands, Ceylon, Africa, New Zealand and Australia. Lots of native music and tribal dances and scenery inbetween many, many shots of the Royal pair arriving and departing. The title is the plot.
1608 ::: Adaption (2009) ::: short ::: The main character of the film is a 30-year old woman who is making the decision of her life. She is one of the many burnt out performers of the modern day, of whom the society expects more and more unrealistic results. Adaption takes place in a Finnish scenery of the mind: the wintry period of darkness.The locales include dark seaside, a sauna and a nightly forest. Every now and then our subconscious writes our dreams as cruel horror stories. The self-inflicted fear we face there, is near to the core of the film Adaption. The powerful sense of panic creates a strong atmosphere to the film. The desire for death and the horror of death are beautiful in their gruesomeness. There is a strong presence of otherness which is being visualized as transitions from one time and era to another. The displacement between the reality and the dream or fantasy can also be interpreted as some kind of an inter-generational Déja vů phenomenon. On the other hand, it depicts the working of a suicidal mind; the sense of ones existence is being shaken up and the mind and the personality are overwhelmed by the incontrollable otherness.
1609 ::: Best Butte in the West (1992) ::: adult ::: New York ad executive, Kathryn, is sent to Butte, Montana to revive a failing bar. She decides to hold a Best Butt contest, similar to wet t-shirt contests, and the various denizens of the town vie for the title for their own interesting personal reasons.
1610 ::: Space II (1979) ::: sci-fi ::: This expansion of Edu-Ware's "Space" role-playing game includes two new scenarios: Shaman, in which your character launches a career on an untamed planet as a religious practitioner trying to amass followers; and Psychodelia, in which you can enhance your characters' attributes through mind-alerting drugs at the risk of physical danger.
1611 ::: Jack the Ripper in America (2009) ::: biography ::: Jack the Ripper, the world's greatest ever serial killer. For over a hundred years he has eluded every investigator. Could it be that they have all been looking in the wrong place - and that the identity of Jack the Ripper is to be found not in London but in ... America? Ed Norris, former head of the NYPD Cold Case Squad, investigates this startling possibility. Starting with the unsolved murder of Carrie Brown, a New York prostitute, in 1891, found mutilated in the City's seedy Lower East Side. Because of the many gruesome similarities with the Whitechapel Murders three years before, the police name Jack the Ripper as their number one suspect. The press splash the news across their front pages; Jack the Ripper is in New York. But Carrie Brown's murderer is never caught. Did the NYPD let the world's most famous serial killer slip through their net?
1612 ::: Viva Shaf Vegas (1986) ::: comedy ::: Faced with making a lasting marital commitment to his uptight New York girlfriend, PAUL SHAFFER (Musical Director of TV's LATE NIGHT WITH DAVID LETTERMAN) seeks life answers to his hip, showbiz problems. Shaffer - along with his existential screenwriter buddy (Tom Leopold) - blow The Big Apple for the some glitz and glitter of flashy, fleshy Las Vegas! "Shaf"'s odyssey for meaning in his life bounces him through tacky Vegas tribute shows, hook ups with wild trailer park babes, the wrath of jealous boyfriends... and ends up making him the star of the tackiest musical production ever to hit Sin City!
1613 ::: Garantía personal (2016) ::: thriller ::: In a small town, in an economic and social crisis, the characters will lead their actions to the limit to defend their interest. The main character is Mara, an attractive middle-aged woman, who pushed for the events will have to defend herself of creditors and ensure her welfare.
1614 ::: Tea Cakes or Cannoli (2000) ::: family ::: Life through the eyes of a sixteen-year old boy growing up in Boston's north side. Director Francine Pellegrino captures the richness of Boston-Italian heritage while exposing the importance of love, family, and neighborhood.
1615 ::: Aardvark (2017) ::: drama ::: Emily Milburton is a therapist who is struggling with personal problems. Things change when she meets her new patient, Josh Norman, who is mentally ill. Josh starts to develop feelings for Emily but things get intesting when Emily falls for Josh's brother, Craig.
1616 ::: Odd Ones Out (2008) ::: documentary ::: ODD ONES OUT documents four years in the courageous lives of three transgender teens, Naomi, David and Tot, as they transition into adulthood and face life-altering events. Family intolerance, abuse, homelessness, sex work, violence and harassment in their schools and community are only the backdrop for a dramatic story of acceptance and rejection, identity and change. Through candid verité footage and home video diaries, ODD ONES OUT is a unique and intimate look at the most tender time in the lives of these three young people as they struggle with the universal search for self and of being found. It's a coming of age story about trying to fit in while fighting against society's rigid boundaries. With Naomi, David and Tot, you will reconsider the definitions of male and female and then discard them as you grow closer to three teenagers who just want to grow up.
1617 ::: Amar Bhai Amar Bon (2010) ::: drama ::: Mr. Chowdhury a businessman lived with his wife Mamata and children Rahul and Ria. An accident totally changed his life. Mamata could not bear the accident and admitted in a mental asylum. Ruahul and Ria became homeless by the conspiracy of Mr, Chowdhury's sister. Mr. Chowdhury though he lost his family. In such a condition, Rahul and Ria started their struggling life. Rahul and Ria grew up and Rahul took a job as a driver of Biplab babu. Mithila was the only child of Biplab. She initially did not like Rahul for his attitude, but later she fell in love with him. Mithila helped Rahul a lot to establish his own business. Ultimately, Rahul became successful and with the help of his well-wishers, he found his parents. In this way, everything ended with a happy note.
1618 ::: LoveTalk (2009) ::: documentary ::: LoveTalk is aimed at all those who want to take responsibility for making their relationships work. Everything you'll ever need to know is here, explained in a straight forward manner. For the first time ever, the world's top 17 relationship experts and authors are giving you the ultimate Relationship Guide in a feature-length documentary. Learn what draws men and women to each other and how true love and lasting relationships can be made to happen. Learn how men and women communicate and how to select the right partner for you if you are not in a relationship. You'll be astounded to hear what happens in the brain when we fall in love. You'll be taught your way around the dynamics of relationships and the complexities of pair bonding, and shown the ways to make attraction and polarity blossom into a successful relationship.
1619 ::: Hi I'm Tony (2014) ::: thriller ::: "Hi, I am Tony" is a horror thriller based on happenings in a day in Bangalore. Sameer (Asif Ali) and Tina (Mia) elopes to Bangalore after their days of love. They live in a flat owned by Achayan (Biju Menon). Tony (Lal) comes to their flat after he had an encounter withthem. Later he befriends them and gets in their flat where he start torturing Sameer and Tina. He ask them questions based on his Life. Tony killed his wife and put her in a bag. It is finally revealed that Tony Comes to Sameer In search of his wife's extra marital affair whom she affectionately calls Sam. As Sam is the short name for Sameer, he gets in a fight with Sameer and later he is killed by Sameer. Achayan Comes to their flat and sees the flat destroyed and Tony killed. Achayan goes out and buries the body. It is shown later that the body which is buried isn't Tony's Body but is Achayan's. A flashback shows that when Achayan tries to bury Tony's body, he gets up and attacks Achayan. Now Tony is going for taking revenge with Sameer when a Truck hits Tony and he is killed. Later, we see Achayan's house where his wife is in front of a wedding Anniversary cake of them. Their children asks her when will Dad come and she says he will come soon. The frame moves from their room and goes out of their house and finally to the name board of their house which says " Samson James"
1620 ::: NG83 When We Were B Boys (2016) ::: documentary ::: Five former break-dancers reflect on their youthful rites of passage through the vibrant UK Hip Hop scene of the early 1980s and how it allowed them to escape the confines of life on inner city council estates. As the wild energy of the scene burned out their adolescent dreams met the realities of adulthood. But the scene had a lasting legacy on their lives - once a B Boy, always a B Boy... and then a tragic event gives them an unexpected chance to recapture the past. Previously unseen archive footage shines the light on a forgotten era in British youth culture in this humorous and poignant character-driven documentary.
1621 ::: Wake (2012/IX) ::: short ::: Ryan is having dreams that seem to come true no matter what he does. As he explains it to a Psychiatrist, it comes to light that the dreams are violent and even deadly. In an attempt to find normalcy, he gets involved with a bartender named Carissa. Just when it looks like he is free of his violent dreams, he has one of her. They agree that together they can work it out, only to find that Ryan doesn't know the whole truth that can destroy them both.
1622 ::: Todo saldrá bien (2015) ::: drama ::: Isabel reunites with her sister Mercedes at the family home long ago she abandoned, to be present at the death of her mother. But reality is that the moment never comes and starts to become an emergency: the economic situation depends Isabel's return to Madrid.
1623 ::: Family for Christmas (2015) ::: drama ::: Hannah Dunbar finds herself wondering what would have been had she stayed with the love of her life, Ben, 10 years before. When Santa Claus hears her talking he takes it as a Christmas wish and he transports Hannah to a version of her life where she and Ben started a family. Hannah, who literally becomes a mother overnight, navigates the comical day-to-day challenges of life in the suburbs with Ben and their daughters Caitlin and Hailie. Hannah Dunbar, Channel 8 News San Francisco's star on-air reporter, has received her Christmas wish of a promotion to head the station's New York operations starting in the New Year. Where she is is a far cry from where she thought she'd be when she started in the business ten years ago, which was a six month internship with the station, after which she thought she'd go home to marry her then sweetheart, aspiring novelist Ben Matthews, who she has not seen since. But her current boyfriend, her boss, news director Grant Walker, not being broken up about the end of their personal relationship stating that it was bound to happen with both of them focusing solely on career advancement, and Ben sending her an online request to meet on Christmas Eve, make Hannah subconsciously think for the first time about the "what if": what if she didn't get on the plane to San Francisco ten years ago only to marry Ben instead? With the help of a Salvation Army Santa, Hannah is whisked into that alternative married life to Ben whether or not she consciously wants to see that life. Regardless, Hannah seems powerless either to determine how long she will stay in this alternative life or if it truly is her reality for good. But the more that Hannah spends in that life and comes to the conclusion of what she truly does want, Hannah has to figure how to make that her reality forever regardless of what the Salvation Army Santa has in mind for her.
1624 ::: The Six Wives of Henry Lefay (2009) ::: comedy ::: Henry Lefay has been married before. Depending on how you count, he's been married either five or six times. So when Henry is vacationing in Mexico and gets killed in a para-sailing accident, things get awfully complicated for all the wives involved. His daughter, Barbie, feels guilty for getting mad at him over his womanizing ways, and she feels responsible for keeping the funeral an honorable and dignified affair. But one crazy ex-wife, one hateful ex-wife, two first wives, one current wife, and one future wife all have their own plans for how Henry Lefay should be put to rest.
1625 ::: American Prison: The Forgotten Jews (2009) ::: documentary ::: "AMERICAN PRISON: THE FORGOTTEN JEWS" is a journey into the hearts, minds and souls of the most hated, hidden and isolated segment of our nation's Jews. Shunned and ostracized by their own people on the outside, and a minority on the inside, these murderers, rapists and thieves have connected with their Jewish faith inside the grim environment of our nation's prisons.
1626 ::: "Asunder the Series" (2018) ::: drama ::: A soap opera digital series that follows the affluent, yet dysfunctional Chandler family, who own Chandler Parfums and Cosmetics Corporation in New York City. CEO and CFO Thomas and Adele Chandler are always trying to stay one step ahead of their arch enemies the Blair family, who own Blair Natural Fragrances Ltd. Thomas and Adele are juggling being head of a fragrance empire, all while trying to train their children to eventually take over the business one day. Their middle son Xavier struggles with his bisexuality, oldest daughter Kamryn and her husband Elijah are dealing with infertility, and their youngest daughter Khloe is hiding her secret relationship with the Blair's youngest son Dallas. The Chandlers will deal with a series of scandals, lies, and betrayals that will rock the Big Apple to its very core. Starring Robert McKay (Hidden Figures, Ladder 49, Jersey Girl) as Thomas Chandler; Kim Brockington (Guiding Light, School of Rock) as Adele Chandler; Lauren B. Martin (As The World Turns, All My Children, Another World) as Serena Hanes; and Tony D. Head (The Wire, The Corner) as Austin Blair.
1627 ::: "Huan Le Song" (2016) ::: drama ::: A Chinese drama about five women who live on the 22nd floor of an apartment complex in Shanghai called Ode To Joy. Andy ('Tao Liu (I)' (qv)) is an incredibly successful though somewhat antisocial and reclusive businesswoman who moved to Shanghai from New York in order to find her long-lost brother. Qu Xiaoxiao ('Ziwen Wang' (qv)) is a somewhat spoiled girl from a wealthy family and 25-year-old woman just starting her career. Fang Shengmei ('Xin Jiang (I)' (qv)) a stylish HR executive in a multinational corporation trying to shed her poor upbringing and make her way in the big city. Qiu Yingying ('Zi Yang (III)' (qv)) is a small town girl trying to learn how life in the city works and one of the youngest of the five women. Guan Ju'er ('Xin Qiao (II)' (qv)) A very studious young woman who is just graduated from college and completing an internship at a multinational corporation. Each has something they can learn from the others and these women develop strong friendships that they come to depend on.
1628 ::: Requiem für etwas, das sehr klein ist (1997) ::: short ::: The bourgeois couple Esther and Michael have got themselves caught up in a seemingly ironic game of power, provocation and sexuality. Esther is already on the brink of madness when a young artist arrives. Requiem for something which is very small is a psychological horror-drama, with a cultural-political morale, and musical interludes.
1629 ::: As Delícias da Vida (1974) ::: comedy ::: Writer sells a soap-opera script to an enigmatic TV station tycoon, Mr. Y, and manages to place his girlfriend Eva as the major star. But another actress, the cunning and beautiful Fernanda, influences Mr. Y to gradually obtain more importance in the show, and Eva's role starts to fade away. The melodramatic series is about a young woman, in love with a poor writer. But her parents want her to marry the wealthy Adolf, son of a noble German family, to ascend socially and financially. They even lock her up in her room to avoid her going out and meeting her true love. The two stories, real life and fiction, get increasingly mixed up.
1630 ::: I Am Sam (2001) ::: drama ::: Sam Dawson has the mental capacity of a 7-year-old. He works at a Starbucks and is obsessed with the Beatles. He has a daughter with a homeless woman; she abandons them as soon as they leave the hospital. He names his daughter Lucy Diamond (after the Beatles song), and raises her. But as she reaches age 7 herself, Sam's limitations start to become a problem at school; she's intentionally holding back to avoid looking smarter than him. The authorities take her away, and Sam shames high-priced lawyer Rita Harrison into taking his case pro bono. In the process, he teaches her a great deal about love, and whether it's really all you need.
1631 ::: "Premijer" (2007) ::: comedy ::: A satire on political life in Serbia in the future year of 2015. The parties argue about the choice of prime minister, only to choose a candidate which is everybody's least worry. Soon he gains popularity by his folksy and understandable vocabulary, rather than holding the written speeches. The story follows a string of inter-party events intertwined with private lives of the highest party officials.
1632 ::: "Wardens" (2010) ::: reality-tv ::: When your job is protecting our most precious natural resources in some of the nation's most remote areas, there is rarely a dull moment. Show chronicles the lives of conservation officers in America, with the 2011 season focusing on the great state of Montana. Watch as these brave men and women defend public lands from poachers and other environmental hazards, brave treacherous whitewater rapids and embark on intense snowmobile trails in the remote grizzly bear country. It's all in a day's work for these protectors of the great outdoors.
1633 ::: Racing Blood (1954) ::: drama ::: A racing horse gives birth to two colts, one of which has a split hoof and is about to be destroyed. A young stable boy saves the horse and raises it to be a champion racer. One day the boy enters his horse in a big race and finds out that the favored horse in the race is his colt's now-grown brother.
1634 ::: "Ford's Fishing Frontiers" (2011) ::: reality-tv ::: Hitch up the boat, pile on the gear, fire up the Ford F-Series and hit the road in pursuit of redfish, tarpon, bass and salmon alongside two respected authorities on the ways and wonders of each amazing breed in. Hosted by Flip Pallot and Preston Sharp, the show offers viewers a blend of powerful visuals with sweeping natural vistas, 3D animations and original storytelling.
1635 ::: Naked Fantasies (2000) ::: adult ::: In the first story, two women surprise a burglar and in turn surprised when the criminal quickly gets the upper hand and leaves them bound and gagged while he finishes robbing the house. in the second story, a boyfriend becomes angry with his girlfriend's obnoxious behavior, so he delivers her to a dominatrix for some attitude adjustment.
1636 ::: Rubberella: The Facility (2004) ::: adult ::: One of a number of "Rubberella" bondage and BDSM movies, which as the title implies, features lots of heavy rubber and leather bondage. Industrial-strength arm-binders, latex, steel cuffs and ballet boots are all used on the various slaves at "The Facility" which is a special interactive "branching" DVD so the viewer can choose their particular fetish as the film proceeds. Therefore, no one viewing of the film is the same, you can enjoy a different bondage scenario every time!
1637 ::: Boys in Blue (1984) ::: comedy ::: Comedy-Drama about a police precinct that's full of unusual officers: a swinging single officer and his tight-lipped older partner, an African-American officer running for mayor, a female officer who enjoys playing practical jokes and their police captain who has a serious gambling problem.
1638 ::: Mou jing shi fen (1993) ::: action ::: Simon Yam plays a former big city cop who had a very bad experince with an AK-47. So he's been assigned duty on one of the Hong Kong Islands as a police chief of a small village. He spends most of his time drinking beer and smoking hash while daydreaming. But when a group of thugs armed with AK-47's and .45's invade his terrain, he must over come his fear of that weapon to save his ex-wife and his fellow officers only armed with a .38 and a baton. Can Yam save the day?
1639 ::: Missing Mia (2004) ::: short ::: When a Hollywood actress mysteriously disappears, all eyes focus on her boyfriend Bobby, a young real estate agent. When he is brought in for questioning by the police, he discovers that the detective in charge knows more about their relationship than he could have possibly imagined.
1640 ::: "Excuse My French" (1974) ::: comedy ::: 'Excuse My French' was a Canadian television sitcom which aired on CTV from 1974 to 1976. Produced by CFCF-TV, the series starred Stuart Gillard and Lisa Charbonneau as Peter and Marie-Louise Hutchins, a mixed anglophone-francophone couple living in Montreal.
1641 ::: Goodnight, We Love You (2004) ::: documentary ::: Unforgettable with her electrified hairdos and outlandish outfits, Phyllis Diller began her career in comedy as "the world's worst housewife" and rose to great popularity as she delighted in mocking herself and her "husband," Fang. Consisting of entirely new footage, this award-winning film traces Diller's groundbreaking career from its modest beginnings to her extraordinary success and also explores her off-stage life at home, providing a rare glimpse at the real, multi-faceted woman behind the image. Leading up to Diller's farewell stand-up performance, the film captures the comic's press conference, rehearsal and candid dressing room conversation as she prepares to hang up her wigs after 47 incredible years of making people laugh. Fellow comedians Roseanne Barr, David Brenner, Red Buttons, Don Rickles, Rip Taylor, Lily Tomlin and many more reflect on Diller's powerful legacy.
1642 ::: Shifty (2008) ::: thriller ::: Shifty, a young crack cocaine dealer in London, sees his life quickly spiral out of control when his best friend returns home. Stalked by a customer desperate to score at all costs, and with his family about to turn their back on him for good, Shifty must out-run and out-smart a rival drug dealer, intent on setting him up for a big fall. As his long time friend Chris, confronts the dark past he left behind him, Shifty is forced to face up to the violent future he's hurtling towards.
1643 ::: Kirk Mannican's Liberty Mug (2007) ::: drama ::: Washed-up former movie star Kirk Mannican leads an empty and delusional life. Kirk, once a tabloid favorite and top award nominee, lives in relative obscurity, unable to find work as an actor and stuck firmly in his past glory. Enter Liam. His job is to sell the Liberty Mug, a drab mug with an American Flag on it that he has promised to move. To achieve his goal, Liam tries to bring together the rap influence of Crazy T, a rapper trying to get out of Dallas; a live talk show format for a midnight mug infomercial; and Kirk Mannican's retro appeal. But everyone gets more than they bargained for during the interview show, when Kirk is finally forced to face his bitter past.
1644 ::: Emily (2017/II) ::: drama ::: EMILY is about a young married couple struggling to stay together after the husband suffers a crisis of faith. As they lose the common bond that brought them together, they must fight to save a relationship that's slowly breaking apart.
1645 ::: Begamon Ka Bhopal (2017) ::: documentary ::: Begamon ka Bhopal is an ode to the times that once existed in Bhopal, through an everyday journey/nostalgia that is lived by a writer, a film keeper and royal descendants. Each in their own way hold onto time and thus become it. Through a lyrical, musical and an introspective journey the film tries to create an emotion, Huzun, a word in persian that means, a nostalgia that is hard to describe.
1646 ::: Envy (2007) ::: sport ::: Are you ready for the beach? Or just want to fit into that new dress? The Envy Girls are the World's first super team of fitness. Lead by Playmate of the Year, Kara Monaco, all the girls are professional bathing suit models, who, with the help of celebrity fitness expert Michael Carson present a revolutionary new DVD series that focuses on key trouble areas abs, buns, legs and arms that will give you a body that will be the envy of others.
1647 ::: Aao Pyaar Karen (1994) ::: romance ::: Wealthy Suraj lives in a palatial house with his mom, Anjali, and dad. When the time comes for his marriage, his parents find a suitable match for him, but he instead marries a woman from a poor family, antagonizing his parents, who ask him to make a choice between his wife and them. Suraj chooses to stay with his wife, and moves out. Years later, Suraj's dad passes away, leaving his wife alone to look after the business and the vast estate, and making her promise that she will never welcome Suraj, his wife, nor any of their children in this house. Suraj and is wife tragically pass away due to an accident, leaving behind a son named Raja. One day Anjali receives a telegram informing her of Raja coming to settle down with her. She instructs her employees not to let Raja inside the house, so Raja pitches a tent on her lawn and lives there, hoping one day to win her over and be invited in the house. He does succeed, and Anjali does welcome him with open arms. Since he is of marriageable age, she would like him to marry a beautiful young woman by the name of Sonu Rai, the daughter of wealthy Sampat Rai. But Raja is in love with Chhaya, a servant in their household, which is quite unacceptable to Anjali. Over at Chhaya's house, her brother, Shankar, opposes her marriage with Raja, and would like her to marry Maniram. Looks like history is all set to repeat itself as both Chhaya and Raja have sworn to marry each other and no one else.
1648 ::: Chronic (2017) ::: drama ::: Omar, a photographer, has a special experience with death. He is trying to express it through a new project. One day, three photo sessions and witnesses. Between the walls of a studio, one photographer and three people meet up after a casting. Bodies express stories of sex, love and trauma in the city of Beirut. Omar, a Lebanese photographer, has a special experience with death and is trying to live his mourning through a new project. Following a casting, he receives three guests, one after the other. One day, one house, bodies express stories of sex, love and trauma in the city of Beirut. Walid, a young dancer, avoids falling in love and getting attached. Omar seems to have a complex relation with dancers. He seeks a kind of revenge from Walid. May, a Lebanese woman, lost her Syrian lover Kinan who died while escaping by boat across the sea to Europe. She tries to confront and comfort Omar. She tries to embrace him, in vain. Antoine, a French-Lebanese man, used to live in Paris. He was on a visit to Beirut when he survived an explosion, what made him move back to Lebanon. He has a special lifestyle, violence plays a major role in his life. Omar and Antoine engage in a harmful game. Visitor after visitor, chapter after chapter, we discover more about Omar, his story and his intentions. Omar has lost his boyfriend Wassim, a young dancer, in an explosion in Beirut. Since then, the photographer trapped himself in his house far from the city. His "project" is not only about the photos. He is manipulating his visitors, playing with them, provoking them and putting them in danger. He is archiving on video each and every moment of this long day. By the end of the day, from the window of his studio, Omar observes Beirut where a new explosion has occurred.
1649 ::: Dancer (1991) ::: action ::: Malti witnesses a physical altercation between her husband and Rai Bahadur Brijbhushan Sharma, as a result of which her husband gets knifed and killed. As she tries to take the knife out, the Police arrive, arrest her, and hold her in a cell. It is here that Brijbhushan visits her and warns her not to testify against him as he will kill her son, Raju. Malti accepts full responsibility of her husband's death, is found guilty, and sentenced to 14 years in jail. After her discharge, she is released and finds out that Raju is now known as Raja is very popular dancer and singer. She also gets to meet Radha and her brother, Dattu, who are looking after Raju, and hopes that her son will eventually marry Radha. She subsequently comes to know that Raju loves Priya, who is the daughter of none other than Brijbhushan. Malti is not ready to expose Brijbhushan as her husband's killer - she has other plans for him, and none of her plans include Priya as her future daughter-in-law. At a very young age, Raju began to make his living by dancing and singing in street corners. He is soon adopted by a kind man who introduces him to his son, Dattu and daughter, Radha. Both brings up Raju in a strong and confident way to become a very popular singer and dancer. Soon he started to receive dancing and singing programme to perform for various music companies in India and this takes him to the sky. He meets his childhood love, Priya and both attempts to reconstruct there love once again. He also meets and make enemies with Mohnish, a former dancer whose place has been taken by Raju. With some of his goons help, Mohnish hope one day he will killed or seriously wounded Raju and once again become a popular dancer and singer. Entrapped by the lecherous and wealthy business-man, Rai Bahadur Brijbhushan Sharma; Malti gets a long jail term for murdering her husband leaving her son, Raju as destitute. Soon Raju is adopted by Radha and her brother, Dattu, who with their help his life gets transform to a popular starlet. After completing her jail term Malti's past re-surface when she find out that her son Raju who now call himself Raja is in love with Sharma's daughter, Priya. Malti decides she will use this opportunity to settle scores with Sharma.
1650 ::: Atash-e penhan (1990) ::: action ::: This is an anti-Israeli propaganda film made in Persian for domestic consumption in Iran. It invokes the memory of the 16 September 1982 massacre at the Sabra and Shatila refugee camp in West Beirut. In the early 1980s at a poolside gathering in southern Lebanon Jacob, a Jew of Lebanese extraction, is killed along with a number of his associates by a group of Israelis dressed as Palestinian combatants. Jacob's sister and his daughter Sara survive the attack. The Palestinian combatants realize the goal of the Israelis is to incite public opinion against their struggle so they expose the ones who are really behind the attack. After taking part in an unsuccessful terrorist operation against Abu Khalil and his son Abu Ali, Sara realizes her Israeli fiance designed and executed the plot to kill her father. Israeli soldiers retaliate and arrest a group of Palestinian leaders, including Abu Khalil. After this incident two Palestinian combatants wipe out the Israeli Command Staff in a suicide operation.
1651 ::: To Be Romeo & Juliet (2007) ::: documentary ::: To Be Romeo and Juliet accompanies actors as they prepare to portray Shakespeare's archetypal lovers in three different stage productions in three different countries. Emotional meltdowns, twisted ankles and cast mutinies are all part of what it takes to be Romeo and Juliet at a youth summer camp production in Canada, an amateur production in England, and a professional production at the Chilean National Theatre.
1652 ::: Redlight (2009) ::: documentary ::: A powerful feature documentary about child sexploitation, an epidemic happening in every country around the world. Filmed over a four year period, REDLIGHT focuses on the personal stories of young Cambodian victims and two remarkable advocates for change: grass-roots activist Somaly Mam and politician Mu Sochua. Both have since been nominated for the Noble Peace Prize. The filmmakers Guy Jacobson and Adi Ezroni won the prestigious Global Hero Award for their work in Cambodia. Using gritty footage smuggled out of brothels and harrowing testimonials, REDLIGHT follows the plight of several current and former child sex slaves. Some are trying to regain entry into Cambodian society to find some semblance of normality after their horrific experiences. Other stories highlight the plight of victims who are attempting to bring the perpetrators to justice. Their torturous yet ultimately heroic battles to find witnesses and take brothel owners to court are dramatically brought to life in this topical and moving feature documentary.
1653 ::: An Honest Thief (????) ::: drama ::: An Honest Thief is a gritty noir thriller about three small-time thieves from Detroit who scheme to rip off a neighborhood pawnbroker of his valuable baseball card collection. This dark comedy begs the question, in a world full of murder, secrets and betrayal, is there such thing as An Honest Thief?
1654 ::: Le miracle (2013) ::: short ::: Gilles is a cop with the border police. His task is to hunt out undocumented immigrants among the pilgrims on their way to Lourdes by train. During a skirmish, he is bitten by a young Roma woman who flees into the city. Gilles is determined to find her. He enters the heart of Lourdes, the city of all miracles...
1655 ::: Aayna Ka Bayna (2012) ::: music ::: They walk the tightrope between right and wrong. They are hungry for recognition, fame and respect. They are immensely gifted but absolutely raw. Their special gift is street smarts and the art of survival. They are impatient and all charged up to grab their share of what is theirs if they win the race of a lifetime. These 9 boys with a misspent childhood, in a juvenile home run by a tyrant warden will dance for passion, for hope and for their dreams to come true. Exorcising their past demons, the 9 boys who society has written off, reach out for the stars. Will their rebellion pay off? Will they become masters of their destinies? They walk the tightrope between right and wrong. They are hungry for recognition, fame and respect. They are immensely gifted but absolutely raw. Their special gift is street smarts and the art of survival. They are impatient and all charged up to grab their share of what is theirs if they win the race of a lifetime. These 9 boys with a misspent childhood, in a juvenile home run by a tyrant warden will dance for passion, for hope and for their dreams to come true. Exorcising their past demons, the 9 boys who society has written off, reach out for the stars. Will their rebellion pay off? Will they become masters of their destinies?
1656 ::: It's in the Game (2008) ::: documentary ::: This first time feature filmmaker takes an up close and personal look at the multi billion dollar video game industry. Beginning with its history, "It's In The Game" exposes the questionable marketing tactics, quality of life issues and class action lawsuits filed against the world's leading video game publisher, Electronic Arts Video games have become multi-billion dollar profit machines in the 21st century. A recent study by the Entertainment Software Association found that $73 million in high definition television sales (HDTV) can be directly attributed to sales of the Xbox 360. The film "Spiderman 2" grossed $115 million dollars at the box office on its opening weekend in 2004. In comparison, the videogame Halo 2 made $120 million dollars on its first day in stores, and Halo 3 pre sold over a million copies before the game was even released. Moreover, with the average "gamer" being 33 years old, it is safe to say that the video game industry is no longer "child's play". However, there comes a price with such a rapidly growing industry. Game developers are facing many hurdles to get these games out on the shelves, and quality of life issues for employees have begun to come under fire. 80 hour work weeks, forced overtime with no compensation, and being fired without cause, are just some of the problems being faced by the industry. This breakthrough documentary will take you behind the scenes, to explore the history, production and labor issues at stake in this next generation of entertainment.
1657 ::: Venial (????) ::: thriller ::: Claire Gundersmith played by Tiffany Browne Tavarez is a devout Christian mother who lives with her three small children in a remote early American House the immediate aftermath of World War II. She is given the news of her husband played by John Basedow passing from the war and loses complete faith. The three children Peter, Hellen and Three priests played by Frank Riano, Robert Arensan and James Sfferrazza make a routine visit to Claire to check up on her. Strange things have been happening that Claire cannot explain- coincides with a number of odd events, and Claire begins to fear that they are not alone in the house. The priest proceeds to cleanse the house of any evil. While performing the ritual one of the priest spot a woman floating across the hallway. - It's his dead sister. As they time passes the house plays to an evil amusement tune. Visions of awakenings, past and present to the dark evil secrets of everyone's past arise. The door closes in hell leaving behind the family of four inside of it. Now evil will paint its symphony masterpiece.
1658 ::: Sumbi: The world's Most Beautiful Breath of the Sea (2012) ::: family ::: Inside the deep and wild ocean there is a full of danger at all times. A male diver sometimes is afraid of such wild nature, even for a young female diver called Gapado Haenyeo Nuri who simply hold her small dream but on every day she has to dive inside the deep ocean for her love and her family by struggling with the scared ocean.
1659 ::: Trash (1970) ::: drama ::: The story of Joe [Dallesandro] and his lover-protector, Holly [Woodlawn], who is something to behold, a comic book Mother Courage who fancies herself as Marlene Dietrich but sounds more like Phil Silvers. Joe and Holly try to make a go of things in their Lower East Side basement, from which Holly goes forth from time to time to cruise the Fillmore East and to scavenge garbage cans, while Joe's journeys are in search of real junk... Trash is true-blue movie-making, funny and vivid.--Vincent Canby, The New York Times. Written and directed by Paul Morrissey, "presented" by Andy Warhol.
1660 ::: Shadows in the Woods (2006) ::: horror ::: Inspired by the filmmaking work of Ed Wood, this campy 1950's B-movie style film follows a town trying to survive an attack by an ancient evil. It stars former Ed Wood actor Conrad Brooks with an impressive supporting cast including Michael Sheard and Eric Walker of Star Wars, and Lloyd Kaufman of Troma Entertainment. The DVD includes a special tribute to Michael Sheard with Peter Mayhew of Star Wars and director Travis Bowen, shot at the Neil Armstrong First Flight Memorial.
1661 ::: The Gypsy Soul Disco (2011) ::: documentary ::: 'The Gypsy Soul Disco' is an experimental documentary by Nicky Larkin. It follows MART a non-profit Art organisation with bases in Ireland and the UK. In the summer of 2010, they took their touring group show 'An Instructional' on the road, visiting 5 European cities over the course of 2 months, reaching an audience of over 10,000 people in the process. The Gypsy Soul Disco is an experimental documentary charting their journey across Europe, giving a behind the scenes insight into the challenges shared by this eclectic group of artists; in a unique mix of personalities, culture and soul.....
1662 ::: Love at the Twilight Motel (2009) ::: documentary ::: Love at the Twilight Motel is a film about how Latin attitudes towards love and sex are meeting America at the intersection of 8th Street and Rte 826 in Miami. The Twilight Motel is the busiest motel in the city. It rents rooms by the hour and is one of many on 8th Street - the major east-west artery through the city and the heart of Little Havana. Motels like the Twilight are Latin American institutions that were introduced to the United States by Miami's large Cuban and Latin American population. The motel presents a veneer of everyday normalcy. Chambermaids go about their chores in the hot Miami light. A green gecko poses against pink stucco. A retro neon sign looms over the lazy hum of city traffic. But behind the row of uniform doors an all-too-human drama is playing out in the shadows. In one room, an elderly Cuban American, the very image of traditional breadwinner, waits for one of his several, younger girlfriends. In another, a newly married young guy lamely justifies his serial cheating. Next door an aging blonde, wearily preparing for the next john, wonders about the direction her life has taken. With Love at the Twilight Motel, filmmaker Alison Rose enters this world of duplicity and dysfunction, fashioning a compassionate and stylish account of love, loss and the human condition. Through a gallery of strikingly conceived character studies -- sharply etched yet achingly universal -- she captures the pathos and pain of her subject's damaged lives. Rose, broken and beautiful, reveals a heart-rending story of abuse and delusion. Richard, a study in a macho bravado, happily pursues his destiny bedding married women. While Cadillac, an ex-pimp and thief, assesses his life spent in pursuit of the next crack hit. Love at the Twilight Motel draws upon a rich documentary tradition to reflect upon the secrets we conceal and the tangled webs we weave. The half-century-old Cuban-American community of Miami's Little Havana has its own rituals, a secret world behind the facade of Latin-American virtue that reflects a practical attitude toward sex and infidelity. It's the world explored in the frank and candid Love at the Twilight Motel - a film that offers a glimpse of the passions and personalities that converge in the busiest strip of by-the-hour motels in the city. Welcome to Love at the Twilight Motel where motel rooms rent by the hour and housekeepers are always on duty. Here your secrets are safe, and as long as you respect the rules of the establishment, your room is your temporary home. Past the motel entrance sign, you are hidden from the city behind high walls and lush hedges. Ahead of you, the parking lot is nearly full. A green striped awning shades the entrance to the office. For added privacy, some rooms have their own parking and private walk-up. It is discreet and always busy. Behind a row of uniform doors a multi-character drama of duplicity and dysfunction is playing out in the shadows. In one room an elderly married businessman waits for one of his young girlfriends. In another a sad blonde prepares for her next john. Next door a young husband loses another day to addiction. Entering a world of infidelity and delusion, the documentary fashions a compassionate account of love, loss and the tangled webs we weave. The motel and its clients are an intersection of American classes and cultures - Latin-, Anglo- and African-, wealthy and poor. There are 20 hourly motels on S.W. 8th Street alone - the old main east-west artery through the city and the heart of Little Havana. They are Latin American institutions that were introduced to the United States by Miami's large Cuban and Latin American population.
1663 ::: Blood Ganja (2013) ::: documentary ::: Prohibition does not work. This is a story of one citizen marked guilty by the Military Industrial Complex. We find that if punishment is built into the process of proving your innocence, the there is no due process. Are we so bored now that we don't have a war, that we are willing to turn the war against our own citizens? Joshua Braun opened the Horta Pharm marijuana clinic in May 2005 and despite continued promises by the Obama administration and local law enforcement, it was. subsequently raided on June 11, 2010. Joshua's life was systematically destroyed through the process of proving his innocence. His pregnant wife was held on $1,000,000 bail. And to allow her to give birth in peace and not in jail, Joshua plead guilty to one out of the 46 felonies put against him. Once a proud Marine and loved caregiver, now he is marked with the scarlet letter of our justice system.
1664 ::: Cheol-ham-gye-gok-eui hyeo-too (2011) ::: drama ::: Chul-ki who just got out of prison kills a police officer and a junk shop owner. He always carries a small ballerina music box with old memories. Chul-ki leaves for Kangwon province to find the remaining two people in his memos, Ghost Face and Axe. Ghost Face and Axe commits murder by order of their boss and become wanted criminals. The two hide out at an illegal gambling house in Kangwon province run by the boss. Committing all sorts of crimes all their life, the two have no where left to run.
1665 ::: Passport to Freedom (2016) ::: documentary ::: In Passport to Freedom, Arab nationals from Syria, Iraq, and Egypt describe what led them either to flee their country as refugees or go abroad to set up a new life - and, in the process, get dual nationality and a second passport. The 2011 revolutions sparked an increase in the numbers of emigrants, wanting to escape political instability and economic uncertainty in several Arab countries.
1666 ::: "Engagement for Love" (2006) ::: drama ::: The entertainment industry is not for the faint-of-heart. Hsing Tien ('Alex To (I)' (qv)) is a tyrannical boss of a talent agency who demands the impossible from his stars and works his employees into the ground. MengTiao ('Lara Veronin' (qv)) is a young aspiring director who wants nothing to do with the man because of his reputation as a monster.
1667 ::: Cuba's Forgotten Jewels: A Haven in Havana (2017) ::: documentary ::: Marion Finkels was fourteen when she and her family fled Nazi-occupied Europe and sailed across the Atlantic Ocean, finding safe haven in Cuba. Refugees who made it to Havana, including young Marion, found work to support themselves and their family members in a newly transported trade: diamond polishing. Firsthand survivor accounts take us back to 1940's Havana - an era at once tumultuous, heartbreaking, and intoxicating - to reveal an immigration success story.
1668 ::: Darker Secrets: Sideline Secrets II (2008) ::: drama ::: Peter, a young traffic cop, is asked to look through hours of sex tapes the late psychiatrist Dr Tyler and his associate Detective Cunningham made of his unwilling male patients. Having both been killed in the first film they have left behind unanswered questions about one particular missing boy. During his search for the boy, Peter finds himself both repulsed and intrigued in the sexual perversion of Dr Tyler's videos. After watching tape after tape Peter soon succumbs to his own dark and seedy side and hatches his own twisted plot . Peter is infatuated with his straight roommate TODD and with the secrets learned from the good doctor he plans on luring Todd into his bed. But sex with Todd is only the beginning... With the evil duo of Dr. Tyler and his associate, Detective Cunningham, now dead, a young traffic cop named Peter is assigned to look through hours of video footage of their male patients in the effort to find clues to the whereabouts of one particular missing boy named Matthew. During Peter's search for the missing boy, he finds himself both repulsed and intrigued in the sexual perversion of Dr. Tyler's videos. Yet, blatantly lusting after his own roommate Todd, Peter soon succumbs to his own dark and seedy side that causes him to hatch a twisted plot of his own. With the secrets learned from the good doctor as well as some friendly, if misinterpreted, advice from his friend Zoe, Peter plans on luring Todd into his bed. But sex with Todd is only the beginning... will Peter be able to beguile and seduce him, or will his devious plans end in disaster?
1669 ::: One Breath: The Story of William Trubridge (2012) ::: short ::: ONE BREATH is a short documentary about William Trubridge, a world champion of free-diving, a form of deep water diving done without the aid of external breathing devices. In 2011, Trubridge won the World's Absolute Freediver Award naming him 'best all around free-diver'. One Breath is the result of a few days spent with Trubridge in the Bahamas, offering a unique glimpse into his unusual and magical world.
1670 ::: Zandy's Bride (1974) ::: western ::: Zandy Allan purchases a mail-order bride, Hannah Lund. He treats her as a possession, without respect or humanity, until their shared ordeal as they struggle to survive develops in him a growing love.
1671 ::: Juntos pero separados (2014) ::: short ::: A chance encounter opens up the floodgate of past memories. When Noboni is stuck at a train station, she bumps into her ex-husband, Oronno. They met much the same way when they first set eyes on each other years ago. Noboni and Oronno take a nostalgic trip down memory lane as they reminisce about how they first met, fell in love and got married against their parents' will. But how does the relationship end? "Together Apart" is a 2014 Bengali film.
1672 ::: When Clouds Clear (2008) ::: documentary ::: When Clouds Clear delves into one remote community's radical resistance to a proposed copper mine that would level and destroy their way of life forever. Set in the isolated cloud forests of the northern Andes Mountains, the film is narrated by the founders and children of Junín who depict how the village's daily life has been affected by the rich ore deposits that were discovered beneath their land. As two invading mining companies become increasingly brazen in their attempts to infiltrate and control the area, the community must coalesce into a united resistance in order to survive. Still, some citizens side with the wealth that the companies promise, causing irreparable divisions, pitting friend against friend and father against son. Suddenly these once-peaceful farmers find themselves thrust into a dangerous world of corruption, splintered households, murder and arson as they fight tenaciously to protect their land and families. When Clouds Clear was shot on a patchwork of 16 mm, Super 8 and video that serves as a reminder to us all that wealth and poverty cannot always be measured in dollars and cents.
1673 ::: Indestructible: Afterlife (2018) ::: horror ::: After killing Alison Sumner and being seemingly killed by Robert Kersey, James Kirby is being transferred to the local morgue. But he isn't dead and kills the coroner and his assistant before escaping into the night. Now anyone who encounters this unstoppable creature is in danger of losing their lives. Who can finally stop this madness, once and for all.
1674 ::: Middleman (????) ::: drama ::: Working with corrupt politicians and the greedy millionaires of society, the Middleman carries out their immoral and questionable desires. He places their money into the hands of those who need it, or want it most. In return, these clients of the Middleman must complete these tasks for the corrupt individuals. In this story, several characters cross paths as they become involved with the Middleman, who seeks to complete a task given to him by a popular, yet scandalous Senator.
1675 ::: Storm Cloud Blue (????) ::: drama ::: STORM CLOUD BLUE is a portrait of a renowned, reclusive and drug-addicted painter who lives an isolated life in Martha's Vineyard, and a story about one life-changing weekend when her estranged son and his alluring girlfriend come to visit. Depicting the journey of a woman who hits bottom and begins to get sober, the film is ultimately a hopeful story about healing, and the power and beauty of connection.
1676 ::: Big Break (2005/II) ::: horror ::: On air news reporter Robin Taylor several video tapes depicting the last living moments of a number of unidentified females lives she thinks she may have gotten her BIG BREAK. By enlisting the help of some film making friends, Robin hopes to both assist the police in catching the killer and find the fame she desperately seeks. Will she help catch the killer before the killer catchers her?
1677 ::: "Colorado Wild" (2017) ::: reality-tv ::: Colorado Wild takes you behind the scenes of the exciting, fast-paced, luxury life of a young serial entrepreneur and Voice Actor known as Eric Leopardi. Who is very set in his ways and quite the perfectionist. He struggles with balancing an exploding TV career, 2 thriving businesses, and finding time for friends and loved ones in order to maintain a sense of normalcy. In addition to voice acting, Eric owns a booming marketing agency and a growing Technology firm, that most people could only dream of. Denver is where he escapes home to the Rocky Mountains, filled with weekends of letting loose and enjoying life. However, drama ensues when he partners with a former long-time lover (of 8 years) to expand his global enterprise. Eric also tries to reconnect with his estranged brother, also a successful voice actor at a competing agency in LA. Jealousy, emotions, exotic cars, jets, parties and a fast-paced lifestyle combine to create a cocktail where anything can happen. Precursor - Starting at age 6, Eric has spent decades in the Television business, climbing the ranks to earn a spot at the prestigious William Morris Endeavor literary agency in Beverly Hills, CA. Having lived in nearly every major hot spot in the US, he finds solace in the Rocky Mountains. With the help of Eric Leopardi's over the top stylist/event coordinator Eric Acuńa, Eric L. takes LA by storm. His extravagant events, red carpet appearances, and branding stratosphere is setting the west coast lifestyle on FIRE. Colorado Wild is truly taken to a new level.
1678 ::: The Great Squeeze: Surviving the Human Project (2009) ::: documentary ::: Although our actions for the past 150 years have lifted our civilization to new heights, it has come at a tremendous price. We are now at a point where humanity's demands for natural resources far exceed the earth's capacity to sustain us. The extraction and the consumption of these resources in the past two centuries have changed our climate and ecosystems so significantly, that a new geological era had to be created. For some decades now people have been talking about saving the planet, but we are realizing that this is not really the issue. The central issue is civilization itself and whether we can save it. The stresses that we have put on the earth are not only threatening our habitat, but our way of life, our prosperity and even our existence on the planet. Our current paradigm must change. We will have to accept the new reality; the human economy is part of nature and not the other way around. We are faced with great challenges, but unlike the rest of the living world, we have the unique ability to adapt and decide our fate and the fate of most of the biosphere, for better or worse, in order to survive the human project.
1679 ::: Lola & Eddie (2016) ::: short ::: Lola, a young and vibrant Parisian girl, lives with Eddie. Everyday, a new name appears in Eddie's mysterious book. He then goes to talk to these people. But, as soon as someone hears his voice, the person dies. One day, Lola & Eddie decide to go on a journey to cheat death.
1680 ::: Expert Insight: Card Trick Magic with Stephane Vanel (2007) ::: documentary ::: Learn to perform incredible card tricks and impress your friends! Have you ever seen an amazing card trick and wondered how it was done? If so, this is the video for you! Get inside the mind of Stephane Vanel, champion card magician, as he teaches 12 incredible tricks that anyone can learn with an ordinary deck of cards and a little bit of practice. Teaches these easy to learn, essential sleight of hand techniques: Criss-Cross Force, One Card Break, Slip-Cut Force, Misdirection, Palming, and much, much more!
1681 ::: Duvar (1983) ::: drama ::: Teens in a Turkish prison struggle to survive under hideous conditions. Made by dying Yilmaz Guney in France, after he escaped from a Turkish prison, enabling him to accept his award at Cannes for Yol (The Road). When the Turkish superstar leading man turned human rights activist, Guney was convicted for pro-Kurdish political activity and murder, by the Turkish military regime. Director/writer Guney's last film, Duvar (The Wall), was banned in Turkey for 17 years. The incarcerated teens organize and fight back, brutalize each other, exult over the smallest triumph, while joking, suffering and learning from the inhumanity they wallow in. The prison also separately houses men and women, many played by other Turkish expatriates.
1682 ::: Terminus des anges (2010) ::: drama ::: Angels terminal is a combination of three short films, everyone written and directed by three well none and talented young Moroccan directors(Narjiss Nejjar, Mohamed Mouftakir and Hicham Lasri). In order to succeed an original experiment and because we believe that cinema is a visual language that is inspired by the daily reality, human issues and it's an amazing way to move closer people in the consciousness of a common humanity we decided to treat this issue. Our film indeed, is a reflection on the ignorance that surrounds the Aids specially in Morocco, through a story that articulates around characters who look like us or whom we should have been able to cross one day. A fiction that puts words in the place of our shameful silences. Three short stories, three characters that cross themselves in the same drama. Three windows on ignorance, stigma and loneliness, in front of the diseases denial.
1683 ::: Price of Knowledge (2000) ::: short ::: Day by day, 11 year old Sherab Dorji walks three hours to school. In the early morning he meets the other children of his village at a chorten, a Buddhist shrine. From there, they walk to school together singing. The road leads across a mountain and through the woods. The parents are constantly afraid of their children meeting up with wild animals along the path. When Sherab walks the last part by himself in the evening, he prays aloud to fight his fear. They walk so much, his father says, that their socks tear within a week. Sherab's family depends on subsistence farming. The mother and sister especially work very hard. They stay out at night protecting their crops against wild boars. Thus Yonten Gi Kawa depicts life in rural Bhutan.
1684 ::: The Guardian (2015) ::: fantasy ::: When Grimley woke up on an isolated beach with no recollection of his mortal past, little did he know that his afterlife was about to start. He suddenly finds himself tasked by the enigmatic Arturo with being the Guardian for the down on his luck Eric. His first day on the job is just like another bad day at the office.
1685 ::: El buque maldito (1974) ::: horror ::: The model Noemi questions her employer Lillian about her roommate Kathy that is missing after receiving a call from Lillian, and she tells that she will go to the police. Lilian explains that Kathy is in an afloat boat in the Atlantic with another model participating of a publicity stunt, and she brings Noemi to meet Howard Tucker and his henchman Sergio that have idealized the advertising campaign. Kathy uses the radio to report that a ghost galleon without crew has arrived and Tucker sends a helicopter to bring the models back; however the pilot does not find them at the location. Tucker contacts Professor Grüber that studies the Sixteen Century galleon and they use a boat to reach the ghost vessel with Sergio, Lillian and Noemi. Soon Professor Gruber learns that the damned galleon is stranded in another dimension and the crew is composed of excommunicated Templar zombies. Now they try to leave the galleon and return to their own dimension. Will they succeed in their intent? When a publicity stunt of two models on a boat goes horribly wrong and the two get lost in a fog. They end up on a creaky floating tomb of the blind dead. That's right, these sea going Templars make short work of the Supermodels and move along. The head of the modeling agency and a group of employees start looking for the babes and too meet the Templars Pirates. But can they escape the fate of the models or will they too succumb to the monsters of the deep? A pair of models staging a publicity stunt on the high seas in a motor launch mysteriously disappear after reporting a mysterious ghost ship. After learning that the ghost ship has been seen along the meridian the girls disappeared at for years, a search party sets out and discovers that the ship is inhabited by undead, blood-drinking Templar knights. Two models are stranded in a motor cruiser in the middle of the ocean. It's only meant to be a publicity stunt, a way of stirring up interest in the boat itself; but they soon prove to be in real trouble. They're set upon by a 16th century galleon enshrouded by a fog. They each board the ghost ship, and each one disappears. Soon, the sporting goods magnate who hired the two girls sets out to find them. He is joined by his conniving right-hand man; the head of the modeling agency; a third model who is a lover to one of the missing girls; and a scientist from the weather bureau who is convinced something supernatural is going on. They all end up on the galleon, where they discover its crew are the undead Satan-worshiping Knights Templar.
1686 ::: "Tien voor taal" (1990) ::: game-show ::: Two teams of usually well-known professionals from one sphere of life, one Dutch and one Flemish, play for points in a number of games -the set changes per season- testing their mastery of the Dutch language, e.g. etymology, sayings, spelling, and some more creative tasks. Each team's individual champion participates in the final, starting from the team's previous total of points, which consists of multiple-choice meanings of words against the clock.
1687 ::: Orange Revolution (2007) ::: documentary ::: Orange Revolution chronicles Ukraine's 2004 presidential campaign, from one candidate's poisoning to the intimidation of voters, acid-bombing of ballot boxes, and the political pressure put on election officials to count votes a certain way. The government's contempt for the people's choice brings nearly a million citizens into the streets of Kyiv for a 17-day around-the-clock protest. With music, interviews, and rare footage of the demonstrations, this film captures the spirit and determination of the most successful political protest of the decade, and raises a timely question: Just how far would you go to protect your vote? News of the massive protests that followed rigged presidential elections in Ukraine dominated headlines all over the world in late 2004. A fierce campaign between Yushchenko, the outspoken opposition leader, and Yanukovich, the handpicked successor to an unpopular, Kremlin-supported regime, became mired in controversy. Not only was Viktor Yushchenko banned from access to state-owned radio and television, he was poisoned, leaving him in terrible pain, his face severely scarred by a toxin. When the state declared Viktor Yanukovich the winner, contrary to the results of any credible exit poll, the people had had enough. For 17 days straight, braving freezing temperatures and falling snow, half a million Ukrainians took to the streets in the capital. They lived in tents, refusing to abandon their protest despite the threat of violence at the hands of the regime. In the words of journalist Volodomyr Ariev, the Orange Revolution defined a historic turning point for Ukraine, one that allowed the country to move "into a new era, a new life and new possibilities."
1688 ::: Hallaq darb al-fouqara (1982) ::: drama ::: Among people living in a popular neighborhood in Casablanca, there is a hairdresser who accepts his fate, but his best friend never stops teaching him that struggles and resistance are the only qualities of a worthy man, only to take over his shop and his wife.
1689 ::: Screenagers (2016) ::: documentary ::: Young people spend an average of 6.5 hours a day on cell phones, computers and other devices. That doesn't include the time they use screens for school and homework. 'Screenagers: How Much Screen Time is Healthy?' is a documentary that explores how much screen time is too much. Physician and mother of two Dr. Delaney Ruston became interested in this issue when her preteen started begging for a smart phone. Dr. Ruston saw other parents equally confused on how to balance technology with a young developing mind. She decided to delve deep into the science behind screen time to understand how it affects young people's minds and development. Through personal stories and input from leading researchers, SCREENAGERS sheds light on the impact this screen time is having on kids. The documentary explores how learning, playing and socializing online affects teens' developing attention span, fragile self-esteem and moral instincts. SCREENAGERS examines the real risks of failing in school, social isolation and digital addiction. Ultimately, the film explores solutions to handle screen time and provides parents with tools to help young people develop self-control and find balance in their digital lives.
1690 ::: An Eye for an Eye (1966) ::: western ::: Talion is a retired bounty hunter with many enemies who still want him dead. When Talion is away from his farm three wanted men, Ike Slant and the Beetson brothers, burn Talion's farm after killing his wife and son. Talion returns to see his house ablaze and his family dead. He sets-out to track the bad guys and kill them. On the way he strikes a friendship with a young bounty hunter, Benny Wallace, who also is tracking the Slant gang. They join forces and come across a trading post, run by the Quinces, where they stay overnight. Talion falls in love with Quince's daughter, Bri. The next day they find the camp where the Beetson brothers are waiting for their leader to return. Talion and Benny Wallace set up an ambush and wait for Ike Slant to return to his gang. When Ike Slant finally shows up all hell breaks loose.
1691 ::: Guile of Women (1920) ::: comedy ::: A naive young Swede is repeatedly victimized by predatory women. When finally he meets a young woman who seems sincere and true, he wonders if he can trust her.
1692 ::: Roanoke: Search for the Lost Colony (2015) ::: drama ::: For over 400 years, the disappearance of 117 colonists from Roanoke Island has been America's oldest mystery. Now, a mysterious stone inscription may lead to uncovering the truth. Expert stonemasons Jim and Bill Vieira team up with maverick archaeologist Fred Willard to investigate the mystery and find out what happened to the lost colony.
1693 ::: Istgah-Matrouk (2002) ::: drama ::: On a pilgrimage to Mashad from Tehran, a couple's transportation breaks down, far from any major town. The husband, a photographer, seeks help at a nearby village and encounters a teacher who offers to help. Whilst the husband and teacher go off to find a spare part, the wife, who used to be a teacher, takes over the teaching lessons in the village. It is clear that the children live there, in this strange deserted place, without any men, save the teacher and an old signal guard. As the day draws on, the children help to bring a new hope and life into the wife's heart.
1694 ::: "Winners" (2014) ::: comedy ::: Dave Van Gogh was a 'starving actor' for thirteen-point-five years. After landing a contracted long-term commercial role as the face of Stay Strong Condoms, he bought a house in an L.A. suburb and opened his doors to starving artists trying to make it in Hollywood. Now breaking into a new career path, Dave started a management company, WINNERS TALENT, and represents each of his tenants as their manager and life coach. These tenants, whom Dave calls his "Winners", include an array colorful characters: a lazy actor (Ty), a talentless pageant queen (Sophia), an awkward comedienne (Liz), an aspiring Sci Fi writer/blogger (Nathan), and a "slash" (Porter). The series follows these characters as they try to make it in Los Angeles, and how they interact as room-mates.
1695 ::: "Poolhawooseu Teikeu 2" (2012) ::: romance ::: Man Ok's troubles multiply when police temporarily shut down her dojo for allowing the illegal operation of a gambling hall. After closing out her savings account to repay the tuition of her students and shutting down her Manokine online boutique, she also is faced with paying a large settlement for unauthorized use of Tae Ik's photo. Penniless overnight, Man Ok gets an unexpected visit from Kang Hwi, who is a loyal customer of her boutique, and is offered a job as Take One's stylist.
1696 ::: My Career as a Jerk (2012) ::: documentary ::: From the beginning, LA punk band the Circle Jerks were rooted in controversy. Formed by ex members of Black Flag and Red Cross (now Redd Kross) in late 1979, Filmmaker David Markey (1991: The Year Punk Broke, The Slog Movie) mixes in-depth interviews, rare live footage and historical perspective to illustrate the story of one of the most influential bands in the American underground.
1697 ::: Anonymous (1993) ::: adult ::: Some people you needn't know well, to know intimately. This is a story of a husband and wife, and a friend who happens to be one of their fantasies. But the only way the fantasy can be realized is if it happens anonymously. Does it? The answer will remain anonymous ...
1698 ::: The Legend of the Ruby Silver (1996) ::: adventure ::: With promises of riches a recently widowed woman and her son who were struggling to make ends meet go to help work to restart the Ruby Silver mine. The organizer of the mining expedition brings along an old miner who takes the boy under his wing.
1699 ::: Czarne skrzydla (1963) ::: drama ::: Based upon the mining disaster of 1923 in the "Reden" coal mine of Dombrowa Górnicza, Poland: miners in one of the mines in Dombrowa Basin receive new of planned redundancies, and they go on strike, one of the local members of parliament trying to prevent it. The French owner of the mine makes the dangerous decision of requiring the miners to work around hazardous fire. After many miners die in a sudden explosion, they lynch the manager and take to the streets, carrying the bodies of victims of the disaster. They are brutally repressed by the police.
1700 ::: The Romans (2014) ::: drama ::: A modern day take on Julius Caeser set in Buffalo, New York that finds mobster Earl Roman running his empire with an iron fist, but a soft heart towards his people. Unfortunately his rivals, C. Murph and the corrupt Councilman Green, threaten his domain and all that he has built. While trying to navigate the underworld, treachery, and a detective who is doggedly on his tail he leaves his poor son, the Reverend and his former protégé Brucey B behind to pick up the pieces of his empire, save his life, and avoid everything blowing to pieces.
1701 ::: Seetha & Carole (1998) ::: drama ::: This is the story of a tug of war between two women, one Canadian, the other East Indian, over the same child. A Canadian woman, who has suffered two miscarriages, decides to adopt a child in India. The child she selects was sold to an adoption agency by his impoverished father who hopes adopted parents will give the child a better life in America. The problem is that the child's mother knows nothing of the plan. When she does find out, she wants the child back.
1702 ::: The Making of 'Life as a House' (2001) ::: documentary ::: This documentary treats film fans to a behind-the-scenes look at the making of Life as a House, about a man dying of cancer who resolves to make the most of what little time he has left by reaching out to his estranged son. Includes footage of the filming process, as well as interviews with stars Kevin Kline and Hayden Christensen, as well as other members of the cast and crew, who give their insights into what it was like working together on this project and the efforts it took to bring the film to completion.
1703 ::: Ego Trip (2015/I) ::: comedy ::: After experiencing the summit, the talk show host Marc Morin is at a crossroads in his career and in his personal life. To restart, his agent booke against his will stay in Haiti, five years after the 2010 earthquake, to act as spokesman for a Quebec NGO? Piece there. Marc does not want to? Go, do not have time, has not the heart. But the adventure he is about to experience significantly change the direction of his life. For the better. Accompanied by a superficial communication officer, a zealous photographer and an amateur singer, Marc achieves a media tour that will be furnished with all the unimaginable inconvenience this lame universe, to kidnapping. Marc discovers a thousand miseries miles but beauties. Above all, he will discover what he wants for the rest of his life.
1704 ::: Undercurrents of a Changing Climate: The 12th Festival of Pacific Arts, Guam (2017) ::: documentary ::: Every four years, participants from 27 island nations gather to celebrate their culture and to perform their identity at the Festival of Pacific Arts. In 2016, FestPAC took place in Guam, the largest of the Mariana Islands, and as many say one of the USA's last colonies. One of the festivals core themes in 2016 was: 'Our resources from land and sea that have sustained Pacific islanders for thousands of years'. We meet festival delegates from three island nations (Tokelau, Guam and Kiribati) to discuss how they perceive today's environmental challenges: We are looking for the undercurrents of a changing climate. How does climate change discourse affect performances of traditional and contemporary dance and other art forms? Our interview partners are: Asi Fangalua Halaleva-Pasilio (one of the leading figures of the delegation from Nukunonu, Tokelau), Kaure Babo (a newly elected member of parliament from Kiribati), Joe Viloria (a cultural practitioner and fisherman from Guam who is working relentlessly to restore a perceived ancient Chamorro culture), and Adrienne L. Kaeppler (curator of Oceanic Ethnology at the Smithsonian Institution, Washington D.C.). A film by Dennis Dellschow and Eric Petzoldt - 35 minutes - 2017
1705 ::: Falscher Bekenner (2005) ::: drama ::: Armin Steeb is adrift: just finished with school, living with his middle-class parents, clueless about finding work. He tries connecting with a girl, he engages in risky sex with strangers in public toilets, he goes to job interviews. He also sends an anonymous letter to a local Munich newspaper, claiming responsibility for a fatal road accident. He fitfully pursues notoriety as he goes through life nearly without affect. What will it take to get Armin to smile?
1706 ::: Dwellings Close (2012) ::: fantasy ::: Ken an estate agent from London gets mysteriously locked in one of his company's properties at number eight Dwellings Close. Inside he meets Gem, an eccentric young woman who claims to be the property's new tenant, together they will try to find a way out.
1707 ::: Time Piece (2006) ::: documentary ::: Twelve filmmakers, six from Turkey and six from the United States, come together to take part in this omnibus film. Some approaches literal, others more poetic, each artist reflects upon their own cultural backgrounds through a single short film. American and Turkish representations of Daybreak, Morning, Noon, Afternoon, Twilight and Dark of Night guide us through a cultural exploration of time. The first film to come out of the Full Frame Institute, Time Piece is a testament to lives lived in detail and the constructs that unite us all as human beings.
1708 ::: Short Track Racer (2015) ::: reality-tv ::: Back in 2013 Sean Foster brought YouTube Season One of Short Track Racer. Now Xpressive Productions has revamped the idea with the intent to bring it to the world. We'll take you inside the mind and eyes of Foster, put you inside the driver seat of the #25 and let you feel the excitement, pain, passion and drama of Short Track Racing.
1709 ::: Tabu (1977) ::: drama ::: The film is investigating and trying to shed light on various sexual identities and peculiarities outside the accepted sexual norms. The drama is presented by Sara (Lickĺ Sjöman), the film's female protagonist. "Tabu" is probably regarded as quite unique feature film, even by Swedish standards. It is a detailed depict of sexual minorities. The film tells the story of the sexual reformer Kristoffer (Kjell Bergqvist) and his protégé's.
1710 ::: "Karen" (1975) ::: comedy ::: Karen Angelo lives in the nation's capital and works for Open America, an advocate group for the average citizen. The founder is curmudgeonly Dale, while the sarcastic Dena keeps the office running. Karen rooms with Cissy and the Siegels are her nutty neighbors.
1711 ::: Himmat (1970) ::: action ::: Inspector Mathur believes "once a criminal, always a criminal". Through his machinations he makes the life of a reformed criminal Raju very difficult. Raju is rehabilitated and lives happily with his wife Malati and daughter. Disaster strikes, contrived by the gangster who was Raju's boss and Inspector Mathur of the police. Can Raju prove to society, the law and to Malati that he has indeed reformed? A similar question was asked by Victor Hugo in Les Miserables. While the theme is broadly derived from the story, the mirch and masala has truly Indianised this film. Crime, punishment, rehabilitation and re-integration into society is the theme of this movie. The question one asks, is whether Raju will truly be allowed to return to society after a life in prison? Will his own wife acknowledge the sincerity of his reform? After the death of his father, Raghu and his mother are left in a destitute way of living which prompts him to steal food for the survival of his mother. The police then arrest him with his mother dying in the process; before he could reach the police station he escapes and is taken in by a criminal don only to become an outlaw. When he is asked to abduct a child which results in the death of the mother his heart changes and he decides to surrender to the law. Years later after his release from jail he promises the inspector to go straight and drives a truck for survival. He comes to the assistance of a young woman named Malti who is on the run from her abusive guardian, Raju; at first he attempts to turn her in but later on relents when he learns of her position. Both Raghu and Malti then fell in love and decide to get marry and soon are proud parents to a daughter, Banku. The duo then get settles in a corner but Raghu criminal friends who he uses to work for are not willing to let go of him and decides to create situations that will leave him with only one option - that of re-uniting with the gang. While delivering goods via his truck, Raghu, the truck driver and his side-kick, Tiger, help out a young man, who turns out to be a woman in disguise named Malti. Raghu finds out that there is a reward out for Malti's return, and takes her to claim the reward. He finds out that the man, Raju, who wants to give the reward, is unscrupulous, and he refuses to leave Malti in Raju's care. Malti and he fall in love, and get married. Malti soon gives birth to a baby girl, Banthu. Things are going well for this family, when a visit from Police Inspector Mathur turns their lives upside down. For Mathur knows Raghu's criminal background and underground links, and refuses to believe that Raghu has now given up his old ways. Because of Mathur's interference, Raghu not only loses his job, but is unable to find any work. Seth Dhaniram comes to Raghu's house to claim his loan, Raghu and he get into a fight and Raghu threatens to kill him. The next day Dhaniram is brutally murdered, and Inspector Mathur has evidence that links Raghu to this homicide, and will leave no stone unturned in order to arrest Raghu and send him to the gallows.
1712 ::: Citizen Soldiers (????) ::: war ::: Young UPI correspondent, Mike McGreevy is assigned to cover the veteran 28th Infantry Division. Battered and bloodied in Normandy and the Huertgen Forest, the 28th Infantry, nicknamed The Bloody Bucket, is resting in a quiet sector, called The Ghost Front, where nothing ever happens. But, things aren't going to remain quiet much longer. The German Army is planning its last great offensive of World War II, a battle that will hopefully turn the tide of the war on the Western Front. Meanwhile, U.S. Army Intelligence is beginning to gather information that leads them to believe the Germans may be planning something gigantic. Some of the most vital information is brought in by a young Luxembourg woman, named Marguerite Lindenhauser. A member of the Resistance, Marguerite has seen the German buildup first hand. To confirm her information, the Americans send out a reconnaissance patrol. Mike McGreevy accompanies a squad of tough combat soldiers who are led by Staff Sergeant John Sneed, a veteran squad leader. The patrol turns into a nightmare, as the soldiers and McGreevy battle the Germans and the elements, while stumbling upon intelligence that can change the course of history. As Sneed and the surviving members of the patrol race back to their lines and deliver the information, they're given one last mission: HOLD AT ALL COSTS against the German onslaught.
1713 ::: Prince of the Himalayas (2006) ::: drama ::: Set in ancient Tibet under the shadow of the Himalayas, the young prince Lhamoklodan learns of his father's mysterious death and returns to the Kingdom Jiaobo. Troubled by his mother's sudden remarriage to his uncle Kulo-ngam, he swears to find the truth of his father's death. His obsession of revenge overwhelms his spirit and shadows his love to Odsaluyang. When he points his sword at the new king, Queen Nanm finally tells her beloved son, Lhamoklodan, the true identity of his uncle. In the struggle to face his destiny and fight his demons, a new king is born.
1714 ::: A Week in Watts (2017) ::: documentary ::: A Week in Watts is a feature length documentary that tells the story of six students in Watts, Los Angeles, involved in a program called Operation Progress - which gives youth scholarships to private schools in the area and pairs them with LAPD police officer as mentors.
1715 ::: My Little Garden: Where Do You Fly, Honey Bee? (2016) ::: short ::: Poetic in spirit, this 17-episode educational series for the youngest audiences, in which children gradually find out basic facts about plants and their lives, shows children the great variety of things they may encounter in the garden over the course of a year and the adventures which gardens harbor for them. In this episode is three-year Stella asking her father where is flying the honey bee...
1716 ::: 65 (2013) ::: short ::: Told mostly in flashback, an older woman reminisces of her experience of the 1965 war between India and Pakistan on the anniversary. Intercut with rare archival footage, we see the newly married nurse take blood, donate her jewelry, walk the streets of Lahore with soldiers everywhere, through roadblocks and at home looking after her young son. Mixing black and white and colour footage the images tell the story of civilian sacrifice, the army's recognition of that contribution and civic duty.
1717 ::: Hexengeddon (????) ::: fantasy ::: When an act of cruelty against a young witch becomes a social media sensation. The witches of the world declare war on humanity, bringing them into conflict with a loudmouth billionaire American president, a bigoted and sexist minister and the people of an easily swayed media-loving country and the world.
1718 ::: Twist of Fate (2010/II) ::: drama ::: Two sisters face life changing decisions after the unexpected death of their mother from cancer. Will the streetwise drug dealer kingpin wreck havoc on their lives? Go for a wild ride with Tess (Toshia Addison) and Bre' (Lauren Hancock) as they struggle to survive the low-down and money hungry ways of Blue (J-1 The Illinois Boy). Also starring Sherry Thurman as Mom and Sylvester Brown as Tank. Anyone's life can change with a Twist of Fate.
1719 ::: Costume Cuties Captured (2012) ::: adult ::: Lovely ladies pretending to be an equestrienne, a stripper, a Hawaiian beach bunny, a Greek goddess and a nurse find themselves prisoners of nasty guys and gals who only wish to enact their own fantasies involving taut ropes and cruel gags.
1720 ::: "Disaster Guy" (2011) ::: reality-tv ::: When Mother Nature strikes, Disaster Guy strikes back! Tornadoes, hurricanes, floods and fires are no match for disaster restoration expert Steve Frasher, who has spent a lifetime rebuilding houses that the elements have destroyed. But Steve doesn't just rebuild homes, he rebuilds lives, helping devastated and displaced families get back on their feet and back into their homes in just seven days! No matter what the situation, and what odds are against him, Steve and his team race to save properties destroyed by sudden disasters and can pull an army of builders together to get any job done. And Steve doesn't just rebuild these homes in record time, he also makes sure they are bigger and better than they were before. Steve lost his own family home to a disaster, and vowed ever since to dedicate his life to helping those who can't help themselves.
1721 ::: Let the Fire Burn (2013) ::: documentary ::: On May 13, 1985, Philadelphia police dropped two pounds of military explosives onto a city row house occupied by the radical group MOVE. The resulting fire was not fought for over an hour although firefighters were on the scene with water cannons in place. Five children and six adults were killed and sixty-one homes were destroyed by the six-alarm blaze, one of the largest in the city's history. This dramatic tragedy unfolds through an extraordinary visual record previously withheld from the public. It is a graphic illustration of how prejudice, intolerance and fear can lead to unthinkable acts of violence. A documentary that looks back to May 13, 1985 - the day Philadelphia police exploded the home occupied by the radical group MOVE, and the resulting fire that killed five children and six adults, while destroying sixty-one homes in its wake.
1722 ::: "Tech News Today" (2010) ::: talk-show ::: This week the Federal Communications Commission in the US said Americans might not need high speed internet access at home through cable or fiber, and that smartphone access is just fine. SoundCloud narrowly escaped demise with last minute funding and the requirement for CEO Alexander Ljung to step aside. Sarahah is a new anonymous social media messaging app that's intended to enhance your areas of strength. Mikah Sargent from iMore joins us to discuss his experience with the app. And Georgia Dow gives her unique perspective on all of today's tech news.
1723 ::: Lovesick (2014/I) ::: comedy ::: Lovesick is the comic tale of Charlie Darby (Matt LeBlanc), a man who has everything going for him: a great job as an elementary school principal, supportive friends and a wonderful life. The one thing that Charlie doesn't have is love because every time he starts to fall for a girl, his brain chemistry changes and he goes clinically insane. When he meets Molly Kingston (Ali Larter), a former dancer who just might be his perfect match, Charlie is confronted with the consequences of his condition. With the help of his friend Jason (Adam Rodriguez) and the often misguided advice from his wacky neighbor Lester (Chevy Chase), Charlie must find a way to overcome his psychosis to claim his chance at true love.
1724 ::: "Friday Night Bites" (2016) ::: comedy ::: Friday Night Bites is a weekly comedy web-series following 26 eclectic Friday nights in the lives of three 20-something, Asian Kiwi women, who also happen to live together. Examining what it is to be young, diverse, and female in an Auckland flat, Friday Night Bites explores everything pop-culture, political and emotional - from sexual foibles to quantum physics. You want horror? We have that! You want musicals and dancing? Check. You want an honest and touching breakdown of how hard it is to be dating in the city in 2016? Boy have we got stories for you. Funny, poignant and fresh, Friday Night Bites is an awkward comedy about a bunch of young women who don't know what they're doing in this life - but trying their damnedest to make it awesome. Friday Night Bites is a weekly comedy web-series following 26 eclectic Friday nights in the lives of three 20-something, Asian Kiwi women, who also happen to live together. Examining what it is to be young, diverse, and female in an Auckland flat, Friday Night Bites explores everything pop-culture, political and emotional - from sexual foibles to quantum physics. You want horror? We have that. You want musicals and dancing? Check. You want an honest and touching breakdown of how hard it is to be dating in the city in 2016? Boy have we got stories for you.
1725 ::: Going to Heaven (2015) ::: family ::: A story about young boy sultan, 11 years old looking for innocent love after loosing his mother when he was a kid. He finds out an old box with his grandma's picture and location, decides to go all the way with his best friend to find her in city called (Alfujairah) in united arab emirates.
1726 ::: Irish Hearts (1927) ::: comedy ::: Sheila, a feisty Irish girl, loves Emmett, a somewhat shady Irish boy. When Emmett goes to America, Sheila and her father follow and join him. However, when he loses his job, Sheila is forced to get a job in a cheap restaurant. There she meets Rory, a poor American boy who works in a shipyard. Rory falls in love with her but she still loves Emmett. Then she finds out that Emmett has been taking up with a brassy "flapper" named Clarice.
1727 ::: Gargoyles Genesis (????) ::: fantasy ::: Young Thales is bestowed with the great honor and responsibility of taking up the mantel of the Protector of Sparta. Younger than the rest of the spartan generals, Thales possesses a strength of heart and leadership that the others do not. As jealousy and dissension rise amongst his peers, Thales becomes the target of a plot of betrayal to remove him from this sacred appointed position. After being turned over to the long time enemies of Sparta, they tortured, bound and threw his body into the Great Red Lake. By the will of the Gods and the poison waters of the Red Lake, Thales begins a journey of evolutionary transformation that will make neither Human nor demon but a new product of evolution.
1728 ::: Garifuna in Peril (2012) ::: drama ::: A Garifuna language teacher, Ricardo, struggles to preserve his endangered Afro-Amerindian culture by building a language school back in his home village in Honduras, Central America. A business venture with his brother designed to raise money for the school's construction becomes complicated by the expansion plans of a nearby tourist resort into indigenous territory. Historical parallels are invoked as Ricardo's son rehearses a stage play about the Garifuna people's last stand against British colonialism over 200 years ago in their motherland, the island of St. Vincent in the Caribbean. Naturalistically shot, with debut performances by nearly the entire cast, "Garifuna in Peril" makes its own history as the first feature film with the majority of dialogue in Garifuna, a language proclaimed by UNESCO as a Masterpiece of the Oral and Intangible Heritage of Humanity.
1729 ::: Ho-Ho-Ho (2010) ::: short ::: Husband and wife arrive home from a Christmas party, dressed as His and Hers Santas. They don't realize that a thief, identically dressed as Santa, is in their house. As the couple settles into their at-home routine, the thief tries to sneak out but his outfit creates hilarious confusion for the wife.
1730 ::: Phool Aur Angaar (1993) ::: drama ::: Vijay Saxena lives a middle-class lifestyle along with his college-going sister, Sweety, in a small town in India. He gets a job as a Professor at the City College, where he meets with Sweety's friend, Sudha Verma, and both fall in love with each other. When a student, Adhikari, attempts to molest Sudha, Vijay comes to her rescue, only to subsequently apologize to Adhikari when Sudha retracts her testimony and ends up blaming Vijay for molesting her. Later Vijay finds out that Adhikari and some goons had threatened to harm Sudha's younger sister, and the duo resume their romance. With the help of Inspector Arjun Singh, Vijay is able to get Kalicharan, the son of gangster don, Natwarlal, arrested and held in a cell much to the chagrin of Natwarlal. Arjun gets killed, Sweety witnesses his death, and takes Inspector Arvind Phadke to the murder scene, but Arjun's body is missing. Subsequently Sweety is molested and killed. Inspector Arvind Phadke arrests Vijay for molesting his sister. Watch what happens during the trial amidst Vijay's pleas that he is not guilty of this heinous crime. Vijay Saxena lives an honest middle class life with his sister Sweety he comes to aid of a college student Sudha who is molested by another student Adhikari, but in testimony Sudha blames Vijay as her molester ,Vijay finds out that Sudha was forced to change her statement as Adhikari's friend Kalicharan son of a don Natwar had kidnapped her sister,Vijay takes the help of inspector Arjun Singh and puts Kalicharan behind bars soon.Love blossoms between Vijay and Sudha,Natwar's illegal activities continue in the city.Arjun Singh tries to stop it but gets killed and the only witness for the murder is Sweety she along with inspector Arvind Phadke goes to the spot where Arjun was murdered but his body goes missing,Sweety is then raped and killed by Kalicharan and his men and Vijay is jailed for this brutal crime seven years later Vijay leaves from jail he sets out for revenge against all persons responsible for putting him in jail.
1731 ::: Vola! (2008) ::: comedy ::: This two-disk set was filmed live at the (soon to be famous) Flying Saucers Café in Santa Monica, California. Michael inaugerated his new, interactive format, where he takes questions - and challenges - from the audience instead of presenting lectures, such as are available in the Meier Case Update series, featured below. This presentation is the first in a series of presentations Michael is scheduled to make at the cafe. Some of the questions that Michael gives in-depth answers to in this - non-stop, two hours and forty minutes - new series are: ? Why has the Meier case been suppressed by the powers that be? ? Where can we find documentation of the publication of the prophecies and predictions? ? What kind of intervention can we expect from the Plejaren in light of the critical conditions we now face? ? Who were the gods of the past in the various religions? ? What do the Plejaren say about Obama? ? What's the truth about skeptics who now claim to have duplicated Meier's photos and films? ? How does reincarnation work if you were an extraterrestrial, in a distant past life, who came here? ? How and why did we need seven prophets to bring the spiritual teaching to us? ? Why didn't the Plejaren offer of contact with the Jimmy Carter administration, in 1979, succeed? ? What's the truth about the Roswell androids, secret military craft the UFO cover-up? ? How does demonizing "aliens" connect to corporate and governmental plans for gaining complete control over humanity, including bio-chipping? ? Were, or are, there any other authentic contactees? ? What about official "Disclosure"? ? What are the latest prophecies and predictions? ...and many, many, many more in the first of this fascinating new series. NOTE: This is the same cafe at which Michael also made his groundbreaking public announcement about his own personal evidence that the Meier case is authentic.
1732 ::: Same Same (2017/II) ::: drama ::: A man lives in alcoholic, but wealthy isolation high up on a mountain in the north of Sweden. A strange presence in the form of a young man haunts the loner. Is the young man real, or just an image from the past? In flashbacks the story unfolds.
1733 ::: Mata no Hi no Chika (2005) ::: drama ::: Director Kazuo Hara tells the tale of the eponymous Chika and four different relationships she has during the turbulent political climate of the 1970s. Four different actresses play the role of Chika in order to emphasise the different ways she is perceived by her husband, a teacher, a student and an aging gangster.
1734 ::: Red Cross of the German Army on the Battlefield (1901) ::: short ::: An exact reproduction of the work of the Red Cross Society during an engagement. These brave men are rushing around on the battlefield with stretchers, picking up the wounded and hurrying them off to a place of safety. Officers on horseback are giving orders for the handling of the unfortunates. A wounded officer falls from his horse and is picked up and placed on a stretcher and carried off, the horse following behind with bowed head. A very pathetic scene.
1735 ::: Il figlio della luna (2007) ::: biography ::: Based on the real story of Fulvio Frisian, born with spastic quadriplegia dystonia severe enough to prevent him from even speaking. Thanks largely to the enormous efforts of the mother Lucia, Fulvio, apparently condemned to a life without opportunities, manage to study with great profit, and today is an accomplished scientist in the field of Physics.
1736 ::: Hammerhead (2009) ::: short ::: Caught up in the middle of a divorce, shark obsessed oddball Boris persuades his parents to take him to the coast where a shark has been sighted, seeing it as the perfect opportunity to get them back together. The trip is ruined when Boris's mother brings her lover and he must face the fact that his parents are never going to be reconciled.
1737 ::: Lefty Loosey Righty Tighty (2011) ::: comedy ::: MICHAEL is a former college indie rocker who's now a new dad and not sure how he feels about his life of comfortable domesticity. His wife HELEN is not sure how she feels about Michael not being sure...especially when he's the one always opting for "crazy" evenings of watching Netflix on the couch with a six pack of tall boys safely nearby. Perhaps Michael can make one last great grasp at rock stardom and finally find that complete 100% certain no-doubt-about-it contentment that has so far eluded him. FRANKLIN is a recently divorced college professor who's convinced he's a loser and no one will love him ever, ever again. He does have cerebral suspicions that his 19-year-old poetry student MARY wants his body bad, however. This creates an internal crisis of significance; even for a man who's viewed his entire adult life as one long series of continuous internal crises. LLOYD is an aspiring novella-ist and reluctant part-time notary who's most successful at eating nachos and shunning commitment from his longtime on-again/off-again "friend" KIT. When backed into a corner by Kit's newfound romantic certainty, does Lloyd opt for a free lifestyle of syndicated daytime television and semi-competitive sports involving Kooshballs? Or, does he choose love... "Lefty Loosey Righty Tighty" is the story of three friends on the precipice of middle-age. Too old to be young. And too young to be old.
1738 ::: Bijlmer Odyssee (2004) ::: comedy ::: Bijlmer Odyssey is a romantic comedy about two young lovers who were made for each other. Lost and separated from each other in a labyrinth of high-rise flats, they become entangled in comical adventures and meet colourful locals who ultimately help them find each other again. With a nod to the classical Odyssey of Homer, this heart-warming, big-city comedy of errors provides an unusual and enchanting view of the Bijlmer, a low-income estate district on the outskirts of Amsterdam.
1739 ::: Extreme Couponing Black Friday Blitz (2012) ::: reality-tv ::: Follow four shoppers from around the country as they hunt for serious savings on Black Friday. By using a tricked-out RV as a home-base and surveying stores with their Coupon-terages, these women will use whatever tactics it takes to get the deals.
1740 ::: Furry Nights (2016) ::: horror ::: When a group of teenagers venture into the woods, they stumble upon a group of Furries. Accidentally mistaking one for a real animal leads to a tragic accident. The Furries, led by the brutal Mr. Fox, launch an all-out assault on the youths. Can the teens survive the revenge of the Furries?!?
1741 ::: Chambre 666 (1982) ::: documentary ::: During the '35th Cannes International Film Festival' (14th-26th May 1982), German director 'Wim Wenders' (qv) asked a sample of 15 other international film directors to get, each one at a time, into the same hotel room to answer in solitude the same question about the future of cinema, while they were filmed with a 16mm camera and recorded with a Nagra sound recorder. In social sciences the goal of standardization is that each person is exposed to the same question experience, and that the recording setting of answers is the same, too, so that any differences in the answers can be correctly interpreted as reflecting differences between persons rather than differences in the process that produced the answer. The wide sampling frame in "Room 666" included European 'auteurs' and Hollywood directors, narrative and experimental filmmakers, male and female professional film directors that presented their films or were simply present at the 35th Cannes Festival in May 1982. The directors came from France, Italy, Brazil, Lebanon, Germany, Turkey, the Philippines and the USA. This unique documentary shows the complete footage (or selected parts) of the 15 answers that resulted from this 'standardized survey interviews'. The historical value of "Room 666" has increased over time: The 5 directors 'Rainer Werner Fassbinder' (qv), 'Yilmaz Güney' (qv), 'Maroun Bagdadi' (qv), 'Robert Kramer (I)' (qv) and 'Michelangelo Antonioni' (qv) have died since then in this order. Fassbinder died only a few weeks later on June 10th 1982 and gave his last 'interview' in "Room 666". During the '35th Cannes International Film Festival' (14th-26th May 1982), German director 'Wim Wenders' (qv) asked a sample of 15 film directors from around the world to get, each one at a time, into the same hotel room to answer in solitude the same question about the future of cinema, while they were filmed with a 16mm camera and recorded with a Nagra sound recorder.
1742 ::: "Young Mr. Bobbin" (1951) ::: comedy ::: In this live sitcom, 18-year-old Alexander Bobbin has just graduated from high-school and is planning his future. He lives with his two old-maid aunts, Clara and Bertha, who have raised himm abd gus sister Susie. Alexander is in love with the girl next door, Nancy, but she likes him but wants to keep her options open.
1743 ::: Cleopatra Jones and the Casino of Gold (1975) ::: action ::: When fellow operatives (and childhood friends) Matthew Johnson and Melvin Johnson disappear during an undercover mission in Hong Kong, Cleopatra Jones (Tamara Dobson) travels there to find them. With the help of local detective Mi Ling, Cleopatra discovers that her friends' disappearance has to do with The Dragon Lady, a much-feared blonde "lipstick lesbian" who runs a Macao casino and controls a major chunk of the local drug trade.
1744 ::: "It's a Knockout" (1985) ::: game-show ::: "It's a Knockout" was a loud, colourful and downright silly game show that was a hallmark of 1980s Australian television. Small town representatives from Victoria, New South Wales, South Australia and Queensland would battle it out on all sorts of ridiculous physical contests.
1745 ::: Blood on the Moon (2007) ::: drama ::: The Fascinating Story of Canada's First Murder Mystery In the year 1868 in the Ottawa Courthouse, James Patrick Whelan stood accused of the murder of Thomas D'Arcy McGee, Father of Confederation. The evidence against Whelan was purely circumstantial and doubtful at best, yet led Whelan to his death before thousands of jeering spectators in what would become Canada's last public hanging. Some 130 years later Whelan's ghost still haunts the streets of Ottawa, determined to prove his innocence and rewrite the history books. You are invited to sit in on the notorious trial and re-examine this incredibly fascinating but strangely forgotten piece of Canadian history. Meet Whelan and a host of other players in this gripping and outrageous courtroom drama. Did Whelan hang for a crime he never committed? Become a member of the jury and decide for yourself. Writer/performer Pierre Brault plays eighteen colorful characters including thirteen witnesses, both the prosecution and defense attorneys, the presiding judge and the infamous defendant in this one man whirlwind of theatre
1746 ::: High Seas Cops (1999) ::: documentary ::: We know who protects our streets: police officers are charged with keeping our cities safe. But what happens when criminals take to the seas, eluding capture in extremely sophisticated vessels, hoping to keep miles of open ocean between themselves and the authorities? That vast expanse of ocean is patrolled by the United States Coast Guard... and protected national security is their mission. Trained as cops, detectives, even SWAT team members, the Coast Guard plays a constant cat-and-mouse game with seafaring criminals. To stop the flow of narcotics and illegal migrants coming to the United States through maritime routes, they scan the seas for suspicious vessels, hunting down drug and immigrant smugglers. And High Seas Cops takes you with them. You'll be there as they approach the 450-foot Gur Maiden, a freighter taken hostage by stowaways armed with machetes. You'll follow them as they board unfamiliar and dangerous vessels, employing the latest technologies to outsmart drug traffickers carrying huge shipments of contraband to the U.S. You'll witness shocking discoveries as they board ships full of illegal migrants, finding people packed into squalid cargo holds in hopes of reaching the United States and a better life. And throughout, you'll experience the intense training of the Coast Guard's elite law enforcement divisions, watching them hone their talents as high seas cops. Come aboard... and experience an hour of real-life action, adventure and danger with High Seas Cops.
1747 ::: A Kind Hearted Tough (1909) ::: short ::: A tough young fellow is seen prowling aimlessly around the street when he happens to meet a girl who bears the furrows of trouble and sorrow upon her brow. The youth who tries to start a little flirtation, but without success, becomes curious, so follows the unhappy looking young woman and sees her enter different places in search of employment, but at each one she is unsuccessful. Finally she gives up in despair and starts for home with the young fellow trailing closely behind her. Arriving at her destination, the crestfallen girl enters a poorly furnished room on the ground floor, and the curious youth peering through the window at once realizes the cause of the girl's unhappiness, for there on a bed lies her sick mother who is waiting for her daughter to return with some money, that she might buy some nourishing food. When the young woman comes into the room and is compelled to acknowledge to the sick woman that she is without a cent, it nearly has a fatal effect upon the poor old invalid, but in her dire distress she has only encouraging words for her unhappy daughter. The young tough whose heart is in the right place wishes as he gazes upon the pitiful spectacle, that he was able to assist them, but being without money himself, he is unable to lend any aid. Determined that he will scrape up a little money somewhere, he starts down the street, and as he is passing a mansion he notices a ladder leaning against the wall. Becoming curious, he climbs up, and there discovers a burglar rifling the room. The youth descends to the sidewalk and after removing the ladder, he sits down under the window to wait developments. Soon the thief has finished his little job and as he is about to descend, he is horror stricken upon discovering that the ladder has been removed. Having no other means of escape, he calls to the tough to replace the ladder but the latter who has a keen sense for business, strikes up a bargain with the thief, and compels him to share the spoils. The thief who is willing to do anything to escape, throws down a lot of money to the youth, whereupon the latter effusively thanks him and walks away. Coming to the distressed people's home again, the tough looks in through the window and finds that the sick woman is alone and asleep, so quietly climbing in, he puts the money in the invalid's hand and is just about to make his departure when the unhappy girl enters. The latter is greatly surprised to find him there, but after a hasty explanation he convinces her that his mission is well meant. The proud girl refuses to accept the money and hands it back, but just at that juncture the landlady enters with her bill for the rent. The youth soon puts her anxiety at rest, for he hands the amount due and gives the rest to the sick woman who, with her daughter, shower him with their blessings as he beats a hasty retreat.
1748 ::: His Family Tree (1935) ::: comedy ::: When his son doesn't respond to his many letters, Patrick Murphy decides to leave Ireland and visit his son in America. But upon arriving in Center City Patrick discovers that his son, who is running for Mayor, has changed the family name to Murfree. After his daughter-in-law makes it clear that the old gent's Celtic influence isn't welcome at the Murfree home, Patrick realizes that it is up to him to restore his son's pride in his Irish heritage.
1749 ::: Messengers 2: The Scarecrow (2009) ::: horror ::: The family man farmer John Rollins is stressed with his financial situation: the crows and the lack of irrigation are destroying his crop of corn; the bank is near closure of his mortgage; he does not have credit to fix the water pump or to buy seeds; and his marriage is in crisis and his wife Mary is giving too much attention to her friend Tommy. When John accidentally discovers a hidden compartment in the barn, he finds a creepy scarecrow but his son Michael makes him promise to destroy it. However, his neighbor Jude Weatherby visits him, gives a six-pack of beer to the abstemious John and convinces him to put the scarecrow in the cornfield. Out of the blue, the life of John changes: the crows die; the pump works again irrigating the land; and the banker responsible for the closure has an accident and dies. However, he feels that his land is possessed by something evil that is threatening his beloved family.
1750 ::: Tranquility (2010/I) ::: drama ::: JIMMY KOVAC is a line cook in a Los Angeles restaurant. Jimmy fights with his boss, drinks beer, watches TV, and occasionally sleeps with MONICA, a supermarket checkout girl. But when he meets KATE, a New York actress in town for pilot season, Jimmy's life changes. Educated and privileged, it seems that Kate would have little interest in Jimmy, but as she spends more time with him, she discovers that Jimmy's life is not as simple as it seems. After a Thanksgiving trip to the war zone that is Jimmy's childhood home, Kate invites him to spend Christmas at her family's ski chalet in Colorado. For once, Jimmy finds himself in the company of a loving family who couldn't be more different from his own: affluent and cultured, they welcome him with open arms. Over time, Kate realizes that Jimmy has had triumphs and failures that he rarely mentions, but seems intent on protecting himself from further disappointment by opting out of life entirely. Kate asks him to move to New York with her, and Jimmy agrees to go. But a final visit from Monica on the eve of his departure leaves Jimmy facing a hard fact: living in New York with Kate may simply be an easy way out of a bigger issue that he doesn't want to face.
1751 ::: Bao gao ban zhang 3 (1994) ::: comedy ::: Hilarious sequel to the movies 'Yes Sir' and 'Yes Sir 2,' about the Nationalist soldiers of the Taiwan Army. This is equivalent in the US as M*A*S*H 3. Only this time, instead of being obedient as they were in 'Yes Sir' and 'Yes Sir 2,' it's just the opposite.
1752 ::: "Romper Room" (1965) ::: family ::: Preschool show created by Bert & Nancy Claster USA 1953, franchised in Australia 1963, Canada 1970, Japan 1963, Puerto Rico 1971, New Zealand 1975 & United Kingdom 1963, with the Australian fourth version by SAS-10 Adelaide 1965 with Miss Michele Other Australian TV stations that produced local versions of Romper Room were ATN-7 Sydney (February 1963), QTQ-9 Brisbane (October 1963), ATV-0 Melbourne (1964), TVW7-Perth (1966) and NBN-3 Newcastle (1967). By 1974 it was to expensive for Fremantle International to continue to produce so many version. The ATN-7 version Sydney became the national Romper Room with Patricia Godfrey from the Brisbane Romper Room taking over from Susan Jamieson. Helena Bailey took over from Patricia Godfrey in 1979. Megan Sjoquist took over from Helena Bailey in 1987 and continued on as hostess until the show was axed in 1988.
1753 ::: Anal Fitness Sluts (2017) ::: adult ::: Director Jonni Darkko loves glamorous models. His "Anal Fitness Sluts" maintain their healthy life balance with a sensible diet, exercise and regular sessions of vigorous butt sex. Packed into tight spandex workout gear, these foxy bitches orally service stud cocks. The men work them out with asshole poundings, and the girls cool down in showers of cum. Sleek, sassy Abella Danger stretches her tight sphincter with a big glass dildo. Handsome Xander Corvus fucks her butthole and then her face, ass-to-mouth. All-natural, big-boob queen Angela White hypnotizes personal trainers John Strong and Markus Dupree. Her rectum overflows with throbbing dick and slick lube; the coaches double penetrate her sloppy holes and make her squirt in orgasm. Justin Hunt plows athletic Latina sex kitten Vicki Chase's tight anus until it gapes, and his sperm splatters her lovely face. Two coaches treat mega-stacked Latina bimbo August Taylor to a relentless, tag-team ass pounding and a hot facial.
1754 ::: Balada o trobenti in oblaku (1961) ::: drama ::: Temnikar's family prepares for the Christmas, but to him, it's the time of dark premonitions and anxiety. In the mountain cave, hidden by snow, the wounded partisans are hiding, and Temnikar suspects the treason. Once the White Guard patrol shows up at Temnikar's doorstep, he finds out about their plan to go and finish off the wounded partisans.
1755 ::: Chains (2006) ::: drama ::: The story of a man who wakes up chained to a bed. His only companions are the woman chained to a chair in the next room and the man who beats him at night. The man struggles to learn why he has been brought to this room and just what the woman knows, before it is too late. As the man's pain and frustration grow, the woman starts to reveal her hand.
1756 ::: In Defense of Sleeping Beauty (????) ::: drama ::: You might think Kate has it all. She's young, well educated, and from a rich family...but all is not as it seems. This isn't a fairy tale story, and Kate's life is spiraling. But help comes from a less than likely source in Finn, a hardened criminal. He will try to save her from herself and maybe have a chance for that happily ever after.
1757 ::: Arajin Demq (2016) ::: comedy ::: Grigor is an eccentric young man with every prerequisite to become a great journalist, but he avoids responsibility and blames his every problem on others, circumstances and the Government. But everything changes when he wakes up as the President of Armenia and has the power to change everything to his wish. Amidst of making wild reforms and crazy decisions Grigor has to conquer love of his life all over again and uncover a terrifying conspiracy.
1758 ::: The Cheyenne Tornado (1935) ::: western ::: Cattle man Darnell has been killed and the sheep men blamed. The Cheyenne Kid arrives and joins up with the Darnell's who are trying to drive the sheep men off the range. But he soon comes to believe the sheep men are innocent and it's not long before the real murderer is revealed and the Kid goes into action. Reb, alias the Cheyenne Kid (Reb Russell), wanted for murder and train robbery, takes a hand in a range war between cattle and sheep raisers. He helps Seth Darnell (Lafe McKee) and his daughter, Jane (Victoria Vinton), when young Jim Darnell (Winton Perry) is a heavy loser at cards to Pete Lang(Edmund Cobb.) Reb wins back the money from Lang at the latter's Golden Nest Saloon, and later proves him to be the head of the gang causing all of the trouble between the ranchers.Reb informs Jane that he is really a U.S.Marshal working undercover and is not a wanted outlaw. An uncredited Smiley Burnette(recently arrived in Hollywood), who knew Reb Russell when he was a star football player at Northwestern when Smiley was a performer at Chicago's WLS radio, wrote and sung the song "Reb and His Pal Rebel" under the opening credits.
1759 ::: The Teen Tech Team (2016) ::: adventure ::: After Mal gets released from The Digital World prison and Harry gets released from a real world prison after 10 years they re-team up to steal the Jelly Bean 10.1 software for Mal's anti upgrade doomsday device so they can take over the world. Detective Lizz who had put both of them away 10 yrs prior realizes she needs the next generation to help keep the world a safe place puts together a team of 5 different teenagers Katlyn, Brad, Steven, Sarah and Jake to form The Teen Tech Team. Along the way other villains like Marcy The Merciless, Sour Note and Melody and others try to leave their evil mark on the digital and real world. The teens at 1st have a hard time working together which drives Lizz crazy but eventually they learn that working together instead of fighting one another is the only way the world can be safe from evil doers like the ones they face in the movie. The Teen Tech Team is a group of 5 teenagers from completely different backgrounds along with their detective friend Lizz who fight the forces of evil using technology devices in both The Digital World and The Real World. Two of the main villians Harry a real world ex convict and a humanized computer virus named Mal team up to steal all sorts of hardware and software for Mal's devices so they can take over the over world. Other villains include Marcy The Merciless a game app villain from The Digital World, Sour Note and Melody a pair of washed up former music stars turned villians who try and gain control of the music world(both The Real World and Digital World) as well as a sea of others The Teen Tech Team must stop. The adventure is presented in a family friendly way and is suitable for kids ages 7 and up.
1760 ::: Lappblod (1948) ::: adventure ::: Lapland, Sweden. The Sami Arvi wants to marry young Aino but her mother will not give her permission as long as Arvi does not have a herd of 400 reindeer. The only one who has reindeer to sell is the rich Oula, but he wants to marry Aino as well. The only way for Arvi to get the animals is buying them from Norway - but this is highly illegal...
1761 ::: Die Ausgesperrten (1982) ::: drama ::: Two young characters in this story of rebellious youth are named after two Germans, brother and sister Hans and Sophie Scholl who were imprisoned and executed for their anti-Nazi stance during World War II. In this film, the rebels do not have such a clear-cut enemy but nevertheless, they cannot accept the way life is heading in Austria of the 1950s and they revolt by stealing, mugging, and trying out terrorist methods (bombs). Their future seems to be inexorably heading on a collision course with the forces that have "locked them out.
1762 ::: Mania (2008/II) ::: short ::: Mrs. Espig is deathly ill. Every breath is a struggle and every step exasperating. It seems as if time almost stands still in the respiratory clinic where she is quartered. her illness is a recurring compulsion, a seemingly never ending irresistible impulse. An uncontrollable obsession and addiction. A mania. Nonetheless she can't kick. This is her struggle.
1763 ::: Roepman (2011) ::: drama ::: Based on the Jan van Tonder novel with the same title. It tells the story of a 1966 railway community, told through the eyes of an eleven year old boy, called Timus. Timus and his family are trapped within the structural violence caused by the government and the church at the time. An unlikely hero, Joon, often appears to save Timus and these acts of kindness is seen by Timus as miracles. Timus tells the story of Joon and also his own coming of age and loss of innocence and how Joon tries to give a little of that lost innocence back to Timus. Nobody shares this point of view with Timus, Joon however goes on to save this whole community at the end. It is a story with unforgettable characters and it combines the magical world of childhood beautifully with the realistic world we live in.
1764 ::: Uphill Battle (2013) ::: family ::: Three years after a painful divorce due to her husband's addiction to pornography and subsequent infidelity, Erica Stratton (Shelby Smith) works as an accountant to provide for her two children. Though she appears independent and strong, she struggles to free herself from the devastating memories of her broken marriage. Firm in her resolve to never trust again, she meets Michael, and begins to question her decision. Torn between her broken past and an unknown future, will Erica find a way to heal?
1765 ::: Ismi (2014) ::: documentary ::: Wassim Beydoun in Cooperation with H.H Sheikh Sultan Bin Khalifa Al Nahyan Humanitarian & Scientific Foundation created this documentary about Thalassemia that document the stories of 7 people living with Thalassemia around the United Arab Emirates. The documentary tells the story of these 7 people and what they go through living with Thalassemia. They show us how their lives aren't that different from others. Thalassemia is a form of inherited autosomal recessive blood disorders that originated in the Mediterranean region. In thalassemia, the disease is caused by the weakening and destruction of red blood cells. Thalassemia is caused by variant or missing genes that affect how the body makes hemoglobin. Hemoglobin is the protein in red blood cells that carries oxygen. People with thalassemia make less hemoglobin and fewer circulating red blood cells than normal, which results in mild or severe anemia. Thalassemia will be present as microcytic anemia which may be differentiated from iron deficiency anemia using the mentzer index calculation.
1766 ::: Spires of Aurora (????) ::: sci-fi ::: Welcome to Aurora. A medieval world plagued by ever-present lightning. Cities and roads bristle with lightning spires as protection from charged skies. In thunderous battles, metal shards are catapulted over enemy armies, summoning lightning from the clouds. An obsidian humanoid race, the Inazuma, feed on lightning. And yet an order of human warrior monks, Masters of electrical weaponry and physics, use it to fight and heal. Shotoku is a naive warrior in this world and after killing his own brother, Shotoku vows to never use his tremendous electromagnetic powers again. But on the eve of invasion, as allies turn traitor and danger looms from all sides, can he hold his oath? An enemy warrior princess, Makiko, may help him find balance and, when his principles falter, his roguish friend, Jirai, will deliver salvation. But only Shotoku can decide. Will he shatter his vow, unleash his chaotic power, and face the invaders alone? Or honor his oath and gain the new allies that might save his world?
1767 ::: Nyaydaata (1999) ::: action ::: Deputy Commissioner of Police single-handedly arrests a notorious gangster by the name of Jabbar, only to find out that Jabbar has used his political connections and got off prison without being charged for any offense. Jabbar threatens to kill Ram and his family (wife and a son), but Ram disregards his threats, only to get his son killed in a car bomb. Ram vows to avenge his son's death, but is unable to prove anything, gets frustrated, is reprimanded by his superiors, and ultimately ends up resigning from the police force. Years later, Ram's brother, Rahul, is in love with a young woman named Ayesha, and both would like to get married. Ram goes to meet with Ayesha's dad, Jwala Prasad, and when he does so, recognizes him as the man who killed one Navinkumar. Ram threatens to expose Jwala, and has him arrested. What Ram does not know that Jwala is just another alias for Jabbar - the man who had killed his son years ago - and now Jabbar is all set to kill Ram and the rest of his family as well.
1768 ::: She sha shou (1974) ::: horror ::: A young man who has been beaten, abused, humiliated and laughed at all his life finds that he has an unusual empathy with snakes. He can talk to them and they understand him, and eventually he finds that he can get them to do his bidding. He decides to use his newfound friends to take his revenge on everyone who ever did him wrong.
1769 ::: Hakujitsumu (2009) ::: drama ::: An artist named Kurahashi and a female artist named Cheiko wait in a dentist's waiting room. The man feels attracted to the woman but says nothing to her. Later in the examining room, both patients are going under anesthesia, but the man looks over at the woman and sees the dentist and nurse taking off her clothes, while sucking her body for blood like vampires. The man and woman escape from the dentist's office, but their horror is only about to begin...
1770 ::: Rhosyn a Rhith (1986) ::: comedy ::: The last cinema in a small town in South Wales closes. This means for the projectionist Trevor and ice cream vendor Mona that they are out of job. They come up with a new idea: They want to grow mushrooms in the humid clima of the cinema...
1771 ::: People in Glass Houses: The Legacy of Joseph Eichler (2013) ::: documentary ::: This documentary explores the legacy of Joseph Eichler, a pioneer in mid-century modern design. Combining historical information with testimonies from Eichler owners and enthusiasts, this film creates a window into the wonderful world of Eichler's design.
1772 ::: Grand Theft Auto: Vice City Melodies (2017) ::: comedy ::: The GTA games have been a cultural juggernaut for 20 years now. To mark the occasion, Luke Edwards doesn't look at the games themselves, but the soundtrack for one of the greatest entries, Vice City. How does the music draw you into the gaming universe, and does it stand the test of time?
1773 ::: Choi In-houi yasaek (1982) ::: drama ::: Dr Young-bin treats Mi-ae for alcohol poisoning and a drug overdose. After her recovery, they find themselves meeting often and realize that they have something in common--drinking. Mi-ae tries to get away from her abusive, unemployed lover to be with Young-bin, but when she succeeds she becomes miserable and her drug addiction worsens.
1774 ::: Mozart of Rap (2011) ::: drama ::: The story of a young man in New York who has better visions for his life than just creating the same old rap music with his two best friends, Tyrone and Cobra. He wishes there were something different that he could do, something that he would respect himself for. When he learns of Darelle Sylva, who composes symphony music and writes rap to it, he decides to meet up to start recording. The only problem is, Cobra and Tyrone accuse him of going behind their back, and tension starts to rise.
1775 ::: Dogs in Space (1986) ::: drama ::: The film is set in a house occupied by a collection of social misfits. The main storyline is that of a strange musician's relationship with a girl, their drug use and his band. These events are surrounded by a chaotic myriad of sub-plots. A homicidal chainsaw maniac's lust for his machine and a T.V station's offer of money in return for a piece of the Skylab satellite that has fallen to earth are just two. The film is composed of small fragments in the lives of its inhabitants, each following onto the next, sometimes overlapping and ending in tragedy. The place is Melbourne, Australia 1978. The punk phenomenon is sweeping the country and Dogs In Space, a punk group, are part of it. In a squat, in a dodgy suburb, live a ragtag collection of outcasts and don't-wanna-be's who survive on a diet of old TV space films, drugs and good music. And the satellite SKYLAB could crash through their roof at any moment...
1776 ::: Tales from the Two Puddings (2016) ::: documentary ::: Famed for its live music and the UK's first disco, the Two Puddings pub attracted customers from across the East End. This documentary explores this less familiar side of London in the 1960s: a world of raw young musicians, loud boozy nights, and the occasional burst of violence.
1777 ::: Ralf & Johnny (2008) ::: documentary ::: Ralf and Johnny are expatriates who experience life in one another's country. Ralf is a young artist from Germany living in America. Johnny is a young artist from America living in Germany. Both made an art form out of life itself and believe that the new country of residence is the only place where an existence free from social and cultural expectations seems possible. However, they made an unusual choice: being a foreigner. As Ralf and Johnny's lives are being documented over the course of one year, their discovery of the "foreigner self" marks the beginning of a long and rocky road between finding and losing oneself. Moreover, reality always seems to be catching up with people.
1778 ::: First Position (2011) ::: documentary ::: First Position follows six talented young dancers (ages 9-19) from five continents as they prepare for a worldwide ballet competition that could transform their lives overnight.
1779 ::: Ptitsa (2017) ::: drama ::: "Oleg Ptitsyn Died", "Oleg Ptitsyn In Jail" - headlines in all the newspapers and magazines about the famous rock musician. Actually he is undergoing treatment in one of city hospitals. Kate, a teenage girl from the same hospital, which neglects all the doctors and even her own mother becomes his companion in misfortune. Oleg decides to help the girl to get well and love life.
1780 ::: Electrolyte (2015) ::: action ::: Sean wants to help his city but never had the opportunity to do so. An engineer offers the chance to harness the electrical impulses in his own system. Using this power, he tries to do good but falls for the villain's sister in the process.
1781 ::: Was nicht passt, wird passend gemacht (2002) ::: comedy ::: A group of rather slap dash builders are rather imaginative at solving what problems come their way. Whatever it is that doesn't fit the picture, it will be made fit in no time. This approach works equally well with a tightfisted contractor or the remains of an illegal foreign worker on the site. And then they're saddled with an arrogant student of architecture who is doing his work experience with them - and who shows interest in the pretty daughter of one of them.
1782 ::: Dirty Dealing 3D (2018) ::: drama ::: Las Vegas. Any given Friday night. The girls of the Sin Pit at the Rapture Casino are the sexiest dealers in town pumping cards, piling chips and pushing dice at one of the hottest spots around...and the customers are loving every minute of it. One of the favorites is Kora, a beautiful single mom who dotes on her precocious 9-year old son, Josh. When Josh is diagnosed with leukemia, Kora's world comes crashing down. The relief she finds at learning the illness was caught early enough to cure is quickly smashed at being informed the experimental procedure needed won't be covered by the company health insurance. The ladies appeal to their boss, casino owner Dean Belding, to approach the insurance company on Josh's behalf. Despite promises to do his best, they learn that Dean makes no effort to help and even makes callous remarks about the dying boy and his unwed mother. Kora's friends rally around her and Josh, but even pooling their resources, they can't come close to the $200,000+ needed for the procedure. One of the dealers, a party girl named Aero, comes up with a wild idea to raise the money they need. They appeal to Dean again, this time asking that he allow them to make and market sexy Playboy-style calendars to sell as a fund-raiser at the upcoming, property-wide pajama party. Since he's not asked to put up any money, and finding himself pressed into an uncomfortable spot, he agrees to let the ladies try to push their product at the big event. Days before the event begins, Dean gets his first look at the calendars and pulls the plug on the fund-raiser claiming the photos are "too sexy" and might create negatively publicity or get the property in trouble with the uptight state gaming commission. Everyone close to Dean appeals to him to reconsider, but his mind is set. The fact that a child's life hangs in the balance doesn't seem to faze him in the least. Desperate and depressed, Kora and her friends decide only one option remains - steal the money they need to save Josh's life. After a little debate and a lot of planning, the main five girls are on board and have laid out their scheme to liberate money from Dean Belding's Rapture Casino. The big weekend arrives and the complex heist is put into play. Possible prison time is put from their minds as the life of a child hangs in the balance. Unbeknownst to the others, one of the girls is withholding information and one of the people recruited to help isn't what he seems. In fact, he works directly for Dean, but where his loyalties lie is anyone's guess...
1783 ::: Tales of Siva 2 (2007) ::: animation ::: The movie revolves around a grandmother who sheds light on few stories of lord Shiva to her naughty grandchildren. The movie begins with the tale of the great grand wedding of Shiva and Parvati in the history of time. The movie moves ahead with the story of Hanuman (son of Vaayu Dev), his birth and his childhood incidents. One day, Vaayu Dev abandons the world as Indra hurts Hanuman, Lord Shiva then convinces Vaayu Dev and brings him back to the course and requests all the gods to bless the little Hanuman. The plot proceeds with the story of Shiva's son, Ganesha, who teaches the proud Kubera a lesson when he organises a grand feast and invites all the gods to show off his prosperity. To teach the grandchildren a lesson about bravery, the grandmother selects the story of Kartikeya, a great warrior, who leaves Kailash in search of his true identity. Watch how Kartikeya fights with a monster to free the villagers and earn the name, 'Murugan'. Lastly, the grandmother narrates the story of the famous fight between Lord Shiva and Brahma in the course of the creation of mankind which ends up with Shiva cutting off Brahma's fifth head.
1784 ::: "Hjemmefronten" (2004) ::: documentary ::: Documentary series portraying a handful of Danish families and their daily routines at home, everything from bad television habits, too much computer gaming, to the dominance of the mother. Two experts guide the families, changing their daily routines and habits.
1785 ::: "Bringing it Home with Laura McIntosh" (2007) ::: talk-show ::: Bringing it Home, the cooking, travel, life style series with Laura Mcintosh, the James Beard and Emmy Nominated Host. Not only the first of its kind in farm to table programing but is also a life style travelog series with interesting and entertaining segments on cooking and culture. Each episode takes viewers across America with regular stops in Louisiana, California, Boston, Chicago, Florida and more introducing viewers to local chefs and local farmers, the path less traveled and the road to fresher food.
1786 ::: Zero: An Investigation Into 9/11 (2008) ::: documentary ::: ZERO: An Investigation into 9/11, has one central thesis - that the official version of the events surrounding the attacks on 9/11 can not be true. This brand new feature documentary explores the latest scientific evidence and reveals dramatic new witness testimony, which directly conflicts with the US Government's account. Featuring presentations from intellectual heavy weights; Gore Vidal, and Nobel Prize winner Dario Fo, the film challenges assumptions surrounding the attacks. In the words of the Italian daily newspaper, Il Corriere de da Sera, "What results is a sequence of contradictions, gaps, and omissions of stunning gravity." The importance of this film can not be overstated, if its thesis is correct, the justification for declaring the war on terror is built on a series of outrageous lies.
1787 ::: Collapse (2014) ::: documentary ::: Instability and fear in today's society is portrayed by incorporating the directors' personal story in this experimental piece. The film continually questions and reasons through the images and sounds of both the directors' personal accounts as well as actual records of Korean society.
1788 ::: Sleaford Mods: Invisible Britain (2015) ::: documentary ::: 'Sleaford Mods' (qv) - Invisible Britain shows the most exciting and uncompromising British band in years sticking two fingers up to the zeitgeist and articulating the rage and desperation of those without a voice in austerity Britain. The film follows 'Sleaford Mods' (qv) on a tour of the UK in the run up to the 2015 General Election, visiting the neglected, broken down and boarded up parts of the country that many would prefer to ignore. Part band doc, part look at the state of the nation, the documentary features individuals and communities attempting to find hope among the ruins, against a blistering soundtrack by 'Sleaford Mods' (qv).
1789 ::: Uwharrie (2012) ::: horror ::: In the spring of 2009, two friends left everything behind for one weekend. Their goal was to hike the remote region surrounding Troy, NC. After they were reported missing four days late, a massive manhunt was organized by the authorities. The following week, a damaged video camera was found in a clearing next to their last known location. Its contents have yet to be authenticated.
1790 ::: The Pioneer (2011) ::: history ::: The film tells the tragic story of the Chinese workers of the Shanghai Yarn Mill in 1925, after being subjected to Japanese non-human treatment, they start the fight under the leadership of the Chinese Communists represented by Tao Liu and Zhenghong Gu.
1791 ::: Janie Gets Married (1946) ::: comedy ::: Married life isn't as blissful as either Dick or Janie had hoped. Dick is hired to write filler for his father-in-law's newspaper, but is never allowed to prove his real worth. Janie has to do housekeeping while dealing with a "well-meaning" mother and mother-in-law. When Dick invites an army buddy to stay with them, and that buddy turns out to be a girl, the situation takes a turn for the worse.
1792 ::: Wild Boar: Return of the Prodigal Pig (2005) ::: documentary ::: Britain - safe, secure, manicured, ordered. This is the Britain we know, our gardens planted, bordered and clipped. Our lawns neatly mowed, our countryside managed, tamed, trimmed and taken care of. Our animals domesticated and those that are still wild, small and harmless. But all is not well in our green and pleasant land. There have been whispers and rumors. Something has crept back into the woods and made them wild again. Something ancient and powerful, not seen for hundreds of years. Something that may even be dangerous. Human activity has played an integral part in shaping the ecology of the British Isles. It was man who hunted and bred the wild boar to extinction hundreds of years ago, and it has also been man who has inadvertently helped bring boar back. With no current Government legislation in place to control the growing numbers of this potentially dangerous wild animal and with such divided opinion amongst local communities, the jury is still out upon the wild boars future in the UK. With unique footage of wild boar thriving in British woodlands and extensive interviews with both leading British ecologists, zoologists and local communities 'Wild Boar - Return of the Prodigal Pig' tells the fascinating story of the rise and fall and recent resurgence of Britain's most dangerous wild animal.
1793 ::: Plays with Samuel (2016) ::: short ::: A young woman, struggling to financially make ends meet and appease the demands of her emotionally abusive husband, draws cartoons in her notebook for momentary respite from everyday life. However, when her drawings begin to come to life, interfering with her ability to find work and function in society, she must decide between permanently abandoning her creations or completely succumbing to her own subconscious.
1794 ::: Crime of Innocence (1985) ::: drama ::: Two teenage girls are locked up for a minor offense by a harsh judge who thinks a night in jail will do them good. It's a traumatizing experience that includes an assault. Afterwards, one of the girls and her family seek justice against an unfair legal system.
1795 ::: Adventures with the Dutchess (1997) ::: adventure ::: Weight Watchers spokeswoman Sarah Ferguson continues her strenuous pursuit of a TV career in Adventures with the Duchess (8 p.m. Sat., ABC). Fergie rock climbs with a blind climber, feeds sharks with Jacques Cousteau's son and swings from a trapeze. She's a modern and accessible royal person!
1796 ::: 2010 Golden Gloves National Tournament of Champions (2010) ::: sport ::: Complete coverage of the 2010 Golden Gloves National Tournament of Champions. Golden Gloves has been the premier brand for amateur boxing in the United States since their first tournament in 1923. Since then, the Golden Gloves program has led the way in providing opportunities for young boxers to develop personal and athletic skills in and out of the ring. Former Golden Gloves Champions include Joe Louis, Sonny Liston, Muhammad Ali, Joe Frazier, George Foreman, Sugar Ray Leonard, Mike Tyson, Evander Holyfield, Floyd Mayweather Jr, and Oscar De La Hoya.
1797 ::: African Underground: Democracy in Dakar (2009) ::: documentary ::: African Underground: Democracy in Dakar is about hip-hop youth and politics in Dakar Senegal. The film follows rappers, DJs, journalists, professors and people on the street at the time before during and after the controversial 2007 presidential election in Senegal and examines hip-hop's role on the political process. Originally shot as a seven part documentary mini-series released via the internet - the documentary bridges the gap between hip-hop activism, video journalism and documentary film and explores the role of youth and musical activism on the political process.
1798 ::: Searching for Siomera (2017) ::: documentary ::: This is a story about making a difference. The story of one small child in the highlands of Peru whose haunting image began a 2-year search to locate her. The reality of living in poverty and extreme climate conditions, with almost no hope of combating a silent predator that wages war on the most vulnerable.
1799 ::: Malleus Maleficarum (2013) ::: short ::: A book of 1486 on the witch hunt, and the play "The Crucible" by Arthur Miller, denouncing the policy of the McCarthyism, are the references. A complaint about the burning of witches, where the bonfire becomes a catalyst and gives strength and power to witches who become heroines. An allegorical look inside of hate group, today in day continues.
1800 ::: Arktos: The Internal Journey of Mike Horn (2005) ::: documentary ::: Arktos is the amazing story of Mike Horn who has gone along the Arctic Circle alone for 27 months, 20,000 km, without using any motorized transportation. He has faced ice storms, temperatures from -70°C to 15°C, polar bears, a fire that destroyed most of his equipment and nearly burned him alive and he was the first man to cross entire Siberia on foot. But first of all, Arktos is a human tale. He met Simon the Inuit who taught him to build an igloo in 20 minutes, Vassia, an elderly Russian fisher and so many others. After all, Mike met himself. The film shows with the poetry of the images the motivations of one of the greatest adventurer of the century.
1801 ::: Juan Marsé habla de Juan Marsé (2012) ::: biography ::: Film director and critic Augusto M. Torres makes a long interview with Barcelona's novelist Juan Marsé, in which he reviews his trajectory, without shying away from controversial issues such as his resignation from the Planeta Prize jury or the controversial adaptations to the cinema of some of his Novels. Shot in a long fixed plane, during the interview Juan Marsé talks about a multitude of themes and anecdotes related to his life and his work.
1802 ::: Een Meisje uit Duizenden (1994) ::: short ::: A short film about the stereotype image of women. A single man lives in a sad department. When he is watching television, he almost collapses of an overdose of beautiful women. Which channel who chooses, it doesn't matter. It almost looks like the beautiful woman are chasing him.
1803 ::: To Kalesma (2016) ::: drama ::: ".......The story of a young child who had to go through Hell in order to find Paradise. A young child grows up in a loving family. He loves his father very much. His mother has a deformed eye and that problem causes frustration to the young boy. Eventually when he grows old and after his parents' death, he finds out the true reason of his mother problem. He is devastated from these news and becomes a monk for the rest of his life........."
1804 ::: "Team Investigating the Supernatural" (2013) ::: adventure ::: The Team Investigating The Supernatural are experts on the paranormal. Using only the latest technology and the most up to date techniques, we are able to figure out what exactly is going on in the late hours of the night. From the moment we take your case, our team of experienced and accredited investigators begin a full background check on your place of residence. It is this extensive research that allows us to uncover the truth of the supernatural.
1805 ::: The Boy on the Bus (????) ::: sci-fi ::: The Boy on the Bus is a magical realism fable in the vein of The Fisher King. It is an uplifting story, meant to inspire, in a world where everyone is looking for something to believe in. It is a true celebration of our wonderful melting pot city of Los Angeles and America. A young man's life unravels when he falls for a mysterious girl, who takes him on an Urban Holy Grail adventure to save her life. This mythological love story is set in the modern immigrant working class of present day L.A. and bus-line 549. It is a road trip that never leaves LA. THE BOY ON THE BUS is a magical realism fable, an uplifting story about people's search for meaning and one young man's search for himself.
1806 ::: The Yaku and the Undefeated (2017) ::: action ::: After a long, work-related separation, two young martial artists go on a much needed romantic date, but their night turns deadly when they must contend with a junior monk who is bent on revenge for the death of his steroid-dealing brother.
1807 ::: "The Swift Show Wagon with Horace Heidt and the American Way" (1955) ::: music ::: Hosted by bandleader Horace Heidt, this was a variety and talent show that originated from a different state each week and featured entertainers from the location where the show was broadcasting from that week.
1808 ::: Hogs (2018) ::: sci-fi ::: A small hunting party moves through a section of backwoods forest. Three local businessmen, decked out in their best hunting garb, are being led down a trail by a slender man in ratty clothes. Brown flashes are seen through the underbrush then explodes as an animal squeals and the flash of brown fur grunts and snorts. The brown flash bolts towards the men. They have been targeted and are being taken out one by one.
1809 ::: Robert Rauschenberg: Retrospective (1979) ::: documentary ::: Robert Rauschenberg's art embodies the life-embracing and participatory spirit that characterizes much of American art since the 1950s. Rauschenberg recalls the valuable contacts he made at Black Mountain College, particularly with choreographer Merce Cunningham and composer John Cage, who both had a decisive influence on his thinking. Rauschenberg's active involvement with life carries over into his painting. The combine-painting of the 1950s integrated two- and three-dimensional elements and inhabited both wall and floor space. These assemblages included discarded thrift shop-type objects such as automobile tires, stuffed birds, doors, and electric light fixtures, as well as the two-dimensional painterly surfaces reminiscent of Abstract Expressionism. This intense injection of real objects into his work was translated into another medium in the early 1960s: silkscreen painting. Robert Rauschenberg: Retrospective includes important examples of the artist's diverse and extraordinary accomplishments, tracing his development from his student years and his earliest experiments to a retrospective of his work at the Museum of Modern Art in New York.
1810 ::: Kill Your Inner Child (2007) ::: comedy ::: The world of "Kill Your Inner Child" is based on the true tales of screenwriter/author Samuel Bernstein's mondo-beyondo childhood with his bipolar, explosive-yet-charming father, Adam. Sam is a six year-old Kidnap Victim, Texas Slave, Vegas Runaway, Jew in Egypt, Mama's Boy Without a Mom, and potential Homicidal Maniac with a tragic lack of mechanical reasoning skills. He brings a resourceful sense of feeling and fantasy to every situation, like an emotional MacGyver-no jury-rigged tools-but plenty of metamorphic ideas for making human contact. His father, Adam, the Naked Dad, is a self-proclaimed Socialist and the Smartest Person in the World. He'll tell you so himself. And after his divorce from Sam's mother he takes all the kids with him, though he doesn't have custody. As Adam supports various left wing causes in South America and the Middle East he takes the whole brood, three boys a little girl and his new young wife. He espouses Socialism and individual resistance while living the luxurious, single-minded life of a McDictator. Through the travels and self-contained adventures of Adam, Sam wants passionately to escape Adam and return to his mother-devising various paths to freedom that don't quite work out. For his part, Adam wants passionately to convince Sam that he is better off with him, traveling the world, absorbing his wisdom. Never mind that they don't see eye-to-eye, they aren't even looking at the same universe. Sam's take on the madness that was his childhood is boldly hilarious: Filled with adventures that keep you on the edge of your seat, peopled with sharply drawn characters that constantly flabbergast, and defined by the comical, oddball point of view that not only kept Sam alive, but makes his stories so unique.
1811 ::: Generation Social (2012) ::: documentary ::: Generation Social is a film about how our inherent social nature drives cultural change and some of the people who drive that change. From culture to social networks to education to business, everything is in flux. By profiling those at the forefront of this movement, we will explore these very different fields, giving the viewer a perspective of the broadly diverse community that makes up the social internet. This journey will take us from Emily Carr University's new Social + Interactive Media Centre to SXSWi one of the biggest interactive conferences in the world with startup HootSuite and finally into the home office of a Dot Com Mogul to explore the secrets to his success. One thing rings true throughout these stories: this new medium is about people, the people that matter to them.
1812 ::: Thelma & Louise: The Last Journey (2002) ::: documentary ::: Nearly every major element of making the film Thelma & Louise (1991) is examined here from how the script was written to how Ridley Scott got involved, to how the big tanker explosion was pulled off. Some funny stories are shared and some great trivia as to what was improvised on set and actually left in the film.
1813 ::: Aiju: aku no hana (1981) ::: crime ::: Naomi (Jun Izumi) and her business partner Tadashi run a neighborhood bar, sharing the profits, as well as each other. One evening, a yakuza gangster swaggers into the bar with a stack of money for Tadashi. he takes Naomi in an exchange. She is trained as a high-class hooker and is, seemingly, grateful for getting the opportunity to experience the joy of sex. However, appearances are deceiving. Secretly, Naomi is carrying grudge against the yakuza and she finally has the opportunity to take revenge.
1814 ::: The Favor (2007) ::: drama ::: Lawrence (played by Frank Wood), a photographer living on his own in New Jersey, rekindles a relationship with his old flame Caroline (played by Paige Turco) shortly before she dies in an accident. Her 16 year-old son Johnny (played by Ryan Donowho) has nowhere to go and Lawrence takes him in. Lawrence tries hard to be a father to Johnny but Johnny repeatedly rejects him and wreaks havoc in his home. Many dramatic and comedic events unfold, involving Johnny's love interest Mariana (played by Isidra Vega), Johnny's drug dealer (played by Jesse Kelly), Johnny's real father (played by Aldo Perez), and Lawrence's dog (played by Nikki). "The Favor" features songs by The Cure, The Troggs, The Stone Roses, Interpol, Nikki Sudden, Blondie, The Cascades, Chris Montez, The Jacobites & The Garretts.
1815 ::: A Long Way (2008) ::: short ::: A chance meeting of two strangers. A journey film. A documentary. A diary. A first-person narrative. An essay film. An introspection. A contemplation of the documentary genre. It's static. It's moving. It's deep. It's mundane. Past. Future. Here and now. It might take you nowhere. It might take you A Long Way.
1816 ::: Third World California (2006) ::: documentary ::: THIRD WORLD CALIFORNIA dramatically portrays the current hopelessness of the people of the lower Coachella Valley through their own words, and presents a few possible courses of action towards a solution to the problem. It unfolds the legal and political conflicts between the city county and trailer park owners. It explores the health problems related to poor living conditions through interviews with local doctors. It takes the viewers on a journey of the work of the social workers that found and lead community groups to help dignify these underprivileged lives by helping bring the trailers to more livable and healthier conditions.
1817 ::: Self Medicated a Film About Art (2014) ::: documentary ::: Whether you are a successful artist, an unproven entity, or struggling to create while working a 9-5, there is a common thread amongst most creative types: a depression that is kept at bay by producing new works. Art can serve an artist much in the same way any drug might. "Self Medicated" is a new film about art, artists, and their struggles to stay happy. The Antagonist Movement was formed by a group of unknown artists in 2000. Begun in bars and clubs of the Lower East Side, the movement promoted lesser-known works by up-and-coming talent.
1818 ::: La tueuse (2009) ::: drama ::: Mathilde, despite her nurse's diploma, is a thirty year old struggling when it comes to work. She discovers poker when she becomes pregnant. Her nickname, La Tueuse (The Killer), is due to the pitiless way she destroys her opponents at the gaming table. But Mathilde becomes addicted to the game and her life turns upside down.
1819 ::: The Great Transmission (2015) ::: documentary ::: What does it take to keep ancient knowledge alive? Tibetan culture has deep roots, but the turmoil of the 20th century has left its vast text tradition in jeopardy. This is a story of an historic act of cultural preservation, chronicling one refugee lama's lifelong efforts to preserve, print and return to his people, the sacred books that are their precious heritage. His work unfolds against the backdrop of a centuries-long transmission, across continents and generations, upholding a legacy of transformative knowledge that dates back to the time of the Buddha.
1820 ::: Morena Clara (1936) ::: comedy ::: Trini (Imperio Argentina) and her brother Regalito (Miguel Ligero) are two gypsy brothers stealing hams. At trial, the severe prosecutor Enrique (Manuel Luna) accused them of the misdemeanor, although they do not understand the nature of their crime and the justice of non-gypsies. Trini ends up serving in the house of the prosecutor, who, discovering her good heart, eventually falls in love with her.
1821 ::: Blizhniy Boy: The Ultimate Fighter (2007) ::: action ::: Erik is a son of a rich businessmen who has ties with the Russian mob. As not to spoil the film, the mob sets up his family and he is forced to flee to America as that is the only place that he is able to make money fighting in the underground. The old and rich Mikhail becomes his protector/manager and the only way for the mob to get to Erik is to bet against him in the underground fights.
1822 ::: A Child for Sale (1920) ::: drama ::: A struggling artist in Greewich Village is devastated when his wife dies. Left with two children and with little money to support them, in desperation he sells one of them to a childless but wealthy couple. When he realizes what he has done, he determines not to go through with the "deal".
1823 ::: Tokyo 70 (2015) ::: drama ::: A newly wed casting director turned filmmaker goes on honeymoon to Japan. We follow him on his travels as he comes to terms with his place in this new creative landscape. Meanwhile, a Japanese actress experiences life working in London, and a journalist chases a story on a controversial Japanese film director's new art show which reflects on World War II.
1824 ::: Unconscious Therapy (2012) ::: documentary ::: "House is a feeling..." one that got its start by blending genres and unifying races at the unforgettable Warehouse parties. Featuring artists who have made their names in house and shape what it is today (Colette, Derrick Carter, Mark Farina and more), Unconscious Therapy tells the whole house story and keeps the feeling going. It's an homage to a form of dance music that Chicago has proudly called its own.
1825 ::: The Failure (1915/I) ::: drama ::: Theatrical manager Isaac Shuman has a reputation for "taking advantage" of young girls who want to become stars on Broadway. Reporter Tom Warder investigates these stories and exposes Shuman in his newspaper. Shuman threatens to kill Warder, then leaves town. He returns several years later, and hatches a scheme to frame Tom and have him sent to prison. He succeeds, but Tom hatches his own plan to get his revenge.
1826 ::: Deep Sleep & Relaxation (2010) ::: music ::: Breathe slowly and relax into a deep healthy sleep with the Deep Sleep & Relaxation DVD - created specifically for triggering the calming delta brain waves that enable a good night of peaceful deep sleep. Deep Sleep & Relaxation offers scene after scene of proven relaxation landscapes designed to de-stress and tranquilize the viewer and enhance the sleeping experience. A slight breeze stirs in a late afternoon Napa vineyard, a pastoral setting with grazing sheep, clouds cascade and billow towards the horizon, the twilight hour of dusk along the Pacific coast overlooked by a lighthouse, endless unfolding star fields fade into the cosmos. Professionally filmed in High Definition, widescreen, Deep Sleep was specifically produced for use by hospitals, clinics and health facilities throughout the country and is now approved and available for private non-prescription use by those suffering from insomnia or seeking a tranquil way to unwind and prepare for sleep.
1827 ::: Lelong mong panot (1955) ::: drama ::: Meet Pugo, as the lovable Omeng who was a nobody until "LELONG" put ideas into his head - and what a head - that life is what you make it - And you make between tears and laughter. See Omeng rise in stature and all because of his LELONG NA PANOT.
1828 ::: Officer Down (2013/I) ::: drama ::: OFFICER DOWN tells the chronicling story of four police officers who suffer from Survivor's Guilt. The main character, Becky Rooks, has battled with a lifetime of personal demons and working as a police officer helps trigger old wounds to resurface. Doing the job has given her a false sense of invincibility, but still it is the one and only area of her life where she feels that she's in control. However Becky experiences a loss of control during a routine traffic stop where she is assaulted and her life is spared because instead of fighting back she decided to play possum. With her sense of security removed she joins an online predator team to help protect those who don't know that they are being hunted. For each life that she helps save, it sends her further down a path of self destructive behavior. Even when she's forced to seek help she can't come to terms with why her attacker didn't pull the trigger that night, as she sees her second chance at life not as a gift but as a burden.
1829 ::: Scarlet Creek (????) ::: western ::: After losing his father, mother and crippled brother during a deadly robbery by unruly outlaws, JAKE (early 20's) is left to tend to the family ranch by himself -- and he won't have it any other way. In a high stakes poker game, JAKE agrees to allow a friend of the family's farmhand to move onto the ranch to assist in the duties that he can't handle on his own. There's just one minor detail that was left out when the deal was made: the farmhand is a girl... a Native American girl. As the two butt heads -- and cultures -- their differences begin to melt away, and a sincere love blossoms. With the help of a long-lost brother and a faithful cousin, JAKE and his forbidden love fight through tough times, and even tougher consequences.
1830 ::: Cilim (1980) ::: drama ::: Based on short story by Nedzad Ibrisimovic. At the very beginning of the 20 century, guy from Sarajevo slips on railway bridge and stays hanging in the air. In order to save him, gathered people begin to search for large, firm carpet on which he could jump.
1831 ::: Stampede (1949) ::: western ::: Brothers Mike and Tim McCall own a large ranch in Arizona, using the surrounding lands for grazing cattle. Stanley Cox and LeRoy Stanton sell this land to settlers who arrive to find it bone dry, as a dam on the McCall ranch controls the water. Among the settlers are John Dawson and his daughter Connie. The latter goes to the nearest town to take action, but Sheriff Ball tells him there is nothing he can do. Tim falls for Connie but Mike is unimpressed with her charms. While returning from a town dance, Tim discovers Stanton trying to dynamite the dam, and is killed in the ensuing gunfight. Stanton later sends his men to stampede the cattle while he and Cox blow up the dam. Despite the efforts of Mike and Sheriff Ball, the cattle are wiped out and Mike races to the dam and kills Stanton in a gunfight.
1832 ::: "Fighters Nation" (2010) ::: sport ::: There's no denying the impact that Mixed Martial Arts is having on the world of sports and sports entertainment. What was once an obscure and esoteric fighting style with a small fan base has gone on to become a major multimillion dollar industry, filling basements, pubs and barrooms with devoted followers. Detractors call it brutal, governments treat it with hostility, but there is no denying the draw of Mixed Martial Arts; it is a fight that is pure, a fight that is completely unhinged, a perfect display of two athletes willing to push the limits of the body; shedding blood, sweat and tears in order to carve out one more victory... or fall at the feet of the others shadow.
1833 ::: Don't Be Afraid to Pogo (2015) ::: documentary ::: This feature length documentary tells the story of 1970's punk band The Gears - in their own words. Rising as young boys and friends in North East Los Angeles these musicians self styled an infectious brand of surf/rockabilly/punk, which they still play today. "Don't Be Afraid To Pogo" chronicles singer Axxel G. Reese and The Gears' history in amazing detail, while allowing their stream-of-consciousness interviews to play out. Great archival footage and photos of this overlooked band, includes a wide variety of neighborhood contributors along the way- a rare event in the rock doc genre. Interviews with Freddie Cannon (Legendary rock singer), Mike Watt (Minutemen), Johnny Stingray (The Controllers/Kaos), Billy Bones (The Skulls), Steve Metz (Mad Society) Miss Mercy (GTO's) and East L.A. born artist Richard Duardo and watch for snippets of animation from low brow genius Kalynn Campbell. Heartfelt and respectful.
1834 ::: Collar (2014) ::: horror ::: "Collar" takes the viewer on journey to Hell when a rookie cop becomes the helpless victim of a Satanic derelict's trap.
1835 ::: The Cruelty (????) ::: thriller ::: The story revolves around a 17-year-old girl who sets off across the dark underbelly of Europe to rescue her father, a kidnapped diplomat. She plunges into a brutal world of arms smuggling and human trafficking as she journeys from the slums of Paris to the nightclubs of Berlin to finally face off against the most feared crime family in Prague.
1836 ::: I Draw, Therefore I Am (2009) ::: documentary ::: The documentary describes the strong-minded and fearless Estonian Ilon Wikland's childhood and growth towards adolescent and independence. We learn about her life in Tallinn and Haapsalu, as she tells us about her estranged relation to her parents and how her grandparents ended up taking care of her. Her passion for playing lively with her friends and dog Tito is established with originals stills, archive footage, re-enactments and usage of her own drawings. She explains how the war affected her and other people's life in Estonia. Stills and archive footage of the time display how Ilon is eventually sent alone to Sweden as a refugee half a year after the destructive bombing of Tallinn in 1944. Helped by her artist aunt in Stockholm she is inspired to get herself an art education. Later she encounters her coming employer and workmate for the following 40 years, Astrid Lindgren. Ilon's stories about her work with Astrid Lindgren unfolds the exciting creative processes of children book classics like The Brother's Lionheart and Karlsson-on-the-roof. The film also deals with Ilon's Estonian identity today and how she experienced visiting Estonia together with Astrid after a break of almost fifty years.
1837 ::: Burma: Anatomy of Terror (2003) ::: documentary ::: Burma: Anatomy of Terror juxtaposes the extreme beauty of the land and culture of Burma (once known as "The Golden Land") and present day Burma (renamed the Union of Myanmar), ruled for the past four decades by an illegitimate military regime called SLORC. Presenting an arrant portrait of the severe reality of a country in consistent crisis, the film exposes the many atrocities committed by the SLORC, including genocide, forced labor, torture and extra-judicial execution and forced relocation.
1838 ::: Les tres germanes (1991) ::: drama ::: Olga, Masha, and Irina Prozoroff lead lonely and purposeless lives following the death of their father who has commanded the local army post. Olga attempts to find satisfaction in teaching but secretly longs for a home and family. Masha, unhappy with her marriage to a timid schoolmaster, falls hopelessly in love with a married colonel. Irina works in the local telegraph office but longs for gaiety. Their sense of futility is increased by their brother's marriage to Natasha, a coarse peasant girl. She gradually encroaches on the family home until even the private refuge of the sisters is destroyed. They dream of starting a new life in Moscow but are saddled with the practicalities of their quiet existence. Despite their past failures, they resolve to seek some purpose and hope when the army post is withdrawn from the town.
1839 ::: La Jungle (2017) ::: documentary ::: Up to 10,000 people were living there at one point. The Jungle at Calais was the biggest refugee settlement in Western Europe. Forgotten or neglected by those responsible for protecting the lives and human rights of refugees, the burning question at The Jungle was always: "Where is everyone?" This documentary film records the facts and shows the truth, bringing us face to face with contemporary political surrealism through the sceptical reflections of refugees and volunteers and the amazing force of civil mobilisation. Maybe it's time we listen to those voices reminding us that Humanity is in crisis!
1840 ::: "Little Angels" (2004) ::: reality-tv ::: Expert Child psychologist Laverne Antrobus meets families to help with problems in raising children.In episode five series three Laverne meets Jynine James (Charlie and the Chocolate Factory actress) mum to six year old Harrison and eleven year old Declan James.Laverne is ready to take on the challenge of a demanding six year old and to help Jynine stop his raging tantrums and demands.
1841 ::: Tears of Bankers (2012) ::: drama ::: TEARS OF BANKERS follows the mortgage meltdown of Mr. Barry Norman's B&B, owned and operated by himself and his wife Brittany (Brittany Hannah) in the small town of Rome, Georgia. At the beginning, Norman states his distain for bankers; they will rule soon on his loan and prospects for the future ('ten words that decides basically the rest of my life'). Since Norman has kept his present financial problems secret from Brittany, she's remained confused by her husband's increasingly erratic behavior. As the loan deadline approaches, Norman wonders if he will again lose a house AND a wife (his second) to the machinations of the banking industry. Only a miracle can save him, as the money men move in for the kill.
1842 ::: The SixPackNow Abs Workout (2007) ::: sport ::: The SixPackNow Program Abs Workout DVD is the complete Training & Nutrition System to get those all important six pack abs. And it's for both men and women. Hosted by International Fitness Expert Peter Carvell, the DVD combines all the key principles for getting that elusive six pack stomach, from proper training techniques to diet and nutrition, ab workouts to suit all levels of ability (beginner, intermediate and advanced) and an additional 50 exercises to custom build your own workouts! This DVD leaves no stone unturned, it is without doubt the most comprehensive ABS DVD to date
1843 ::: Tsukiji uogashi sandaime (2008) ::: comedy ::: Shuntaro Akagi works as an elite businessman at a general trading company. Quite by chance, he ends up helping out at the fish-trader shop, "Uotatsu" which is located in the Tsukiji Fish Market and is owned by his girlfriend's family. In this place where long-standing traditions have developed amidst idiosyncratic rules, Shuntaro has to struggle earnestly to get through the days. However, encountering various Tsukiji people and working with them, Shuntaro becomes aware of something he had forgotten at some point in his life. In Tsukiji, he encounters a forthrightness in human relations that is neither trendy nor sophisticated, but a mutual co-operation and warmth that links their hearts.
1844 ::: Mein erstes Leben - Adoptierte Menschen ergründen ihre Wurzeln (2015) ::: documentary ::: A documentary, which depicts how people handle their situation of not knowing who their parents are and why they were given away. This film highlights the destiny of three adults, who decided to start a journey to find their roots and lift the secret of the unknown period of their lives.
1845 ::: The Fortune Theory (2013) ::: drama ::: A coming of age romantic underdog drama about Morris Dwann, a millionaire, terrified by emotional connections who drifts through a systematic routine of job interviews searching for an understanding of his workaholic father. Forced to take a job, Morris will have to ultimately accept himself and those around him in order to defy his father and discover what life is really about. Morris Swann is a millionaire, terrified by emotional connections who drifts through a systematic routine of job interviews searching for an understanding of his workaholic father. Forced to take a job, Morris will have to ultimately accept himself and those around him in order to defy his father and discover what life is really about.
1846 ::: The Road (2015/II) ::: drama ::: Rana and Guy, a young married couple live in today's city of Beirut. A city forced into modernity and constantly transforming to a rhythm of an unstable environment. Rana suddenly quits her job and falls slowly into a state of lingering. Guy decides they need to leave their home and go on a road-trip that leads them to the mountains. The road becomes one of remembrance and nostalgia. A road that might bring them closer to themselves and ultimately to each other.
1847 ::: Sherlock Holmes and the Shadow Watchers (2011) ::: mystery ::: The sensational details of a gruesome murder in The Daily Gazette have London in a panic, as a blood-thirsty madman - more vicious than Jack the Ripper - preys upon the city. Of greater concern to Scotland Yard, however, is that the account of the murder was published nearly two hours prior to the crime having been committed! Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson - the Great Detective and his faithful assistant and chronicler - find themselves challenged with one of their most baffling cases - "The Case of the Woman Who Was Murdered Tomorrow"! Will an innocent man be sent to the gallows? How much blood will be shed before a scarred fiend is brought to justice? ...And who are the mysterious Shadow Watchers, a coven of ominous figures who orchestrate terror from within the darkness? Starring Anthony D.P. Mann as Holmes and Terry Wade as Dr. Watson, "Sherlock Holmes and the Shadow Watchers" is a horrifying new adventure, produced with the kind permission of the Conan Doyle Estate*. DVD / Online Release: 2010 (Date TBA)
1848 ::: "Car Cruzin'" (2005) ::: documentary ::: Car Cruzin' is a 30 minute program, visiting homes of the rich and famous. However, instead of looking inside their houses, we take a comprehensive tour of their garages and stroll across their driveways to look at some of the coolest, most expensive, and in some cases most bizarre rides in the world.
1849 ::: The Linda Vista Project (2015) ::: horror ::: In 2012 a group of paranormal researchers lead by Emily Strand (Whitney Anderson) set forth on their last ghost hunt in one of America's most haunted hospitals in the community of Boyle Heights, Los Angeles, California. They never expected the haunt of a lifetime. This collective of paranormal researchers whose focus was to help explain the paranormal by holding educational and informative community events and sharing 3 years of ongoing paranormal research at one of the most haunted location in the Unites States. Some of their lives would tragically come to an end at the Linda Vista Hospital.
1850 ::: Big City Dick: Richard Peterson's First Movie (2004) ::: documentary ::: This is a captivating journey into the world of a savant street musician and his lifelong struggle to become a successful recording artist, and to be loved. He is a street trumpeter and part-time guest on a local rock radio station. Richard Peterson fills his world with obsessions, like "Sea Hunt" (and the "Son of Sea Hunt," Jeff Bridges), the "The Golden Age of Television" production music (which inspires four albums/CDs produced with help from the Seattle music scene), stalking local TV celebrities, and a fanatical interest in Johnny Mathis. The unique relationship between Richard and Mathis is the catalyst for one of Richard's most remarkable compositions, "Love on the Golf Course". Between street gigs and a stint as a piano player in a grunge club, mega-band " The Stone Temple Pilots" discovers Richard's music. Richard's moment in the spotlight is short-lived when he is confronted by the human cost of obsessions, revealing the dark family secret he has lived with his entire life.
1851 ::: Salon (2011) ::: short ::: Salon is our 48 hour attempt at creating a Giallo (Italian horror/mystery). The film is about two sisters, twin sisters that have spent their entire adult lives being leered at by perverts and being asked to do explicit things together. Finally one of them snaps, or does she? Perverted men begin to die in some horrifying ways that's for sure. Giallo films feature several things, striking art direction, and of course the ominous black gloves! We hit all of those marks in this beautifully shot and art directed short film crafted in just 48 hours for the 48 Hour Film project.
1852 ::: Bride Flight (2008) ::: drama ::: In 1953, a flood adding to the aftermath of World War II swells the numbers of Dutch emigrants. On a KLM flight to New Zealand, part of a race from London, Frank, who lost his family and colonial estate in the Japanese occupation and Indonesian civil war of Independence, meets some virtual mail order brides. Ada van Holland becomes his lover before confessing she's already married by proxy to gloomy Calvinist Derk. Jewish concentration-camp survivor Esther dodges her engagement for a fashion career and discreetly has her son Bobby adopted by infertile Marjorie, who did everything else right with husband Hans. Over the years, some of their paths cross again, and all of the survivors meet at Frank's funeral.
1853 ::: Les trois péchés du diable (1908) ::: short ::: A knight takes leave of his sweetheart before going on a journey, and while indulging in an affectionate farewell he pencils a small note which he places in her custody and in which he promises his sweetheart that he will neither drink, flirt nor quarrel. He then starts upon his wanderings over the country land. Becoming very much fatigued, he seats himself on a rock and begins to doze off. Suddenly, he finds himself in a tavern where three men are drinking. They invite him to partake from the foaming steins, but he thinks of his resolution and declines; but they press upon him so persistently that he finally takes a drink. As he does so, one of the drinkers assumes the shape of the Devil and the knight flees from the scene. Going further on he finds himself in a crowd for which a street girl of the Carmencita type is dancing with a tambourine. When she stops he admires her beauty, and after speaking to her chucks her playfully under the chin. As he does so, she turns round and the knight is again with the Devil. Having now broken two vows, the traveler realizes that he is in the Devil's hands but he is helpless; and, when in going through a wood he becomes involved in an altercation with a stranger, he forgets his third vow, and drawing a rapier he fights a duel with the man. He fells his opponent with a mighty stroke, and as the man lies before him on the ground the knight sees him gradually change into the jeering, scoffing Devil. Angry at himself for having fallen tinder the influence of the Evil One he brandishes his sword as if to exterminate him, but the excitement of the situation is too much for him and he suddenly wakes up to find himself sitting on the rock where he had fallen asleep. It had all been a dream.
1854 ::: The Donner Party (2009) ::: drama ::: Based on the real events of The Donner Party tragedy. The Donner Party was a group of California-bound American settlers caught up in the western expansion of the 1840s. After becoming snowbound in the Sierra Nevada during the winter of 1846-1847, a number of the trapped settlers joined together in a final effort to reach California and organize a rescue party.
1855 ::: Zombie Resurrection (2014) ::: horror ::: Fifteen months after the zombie apocalypse, and a group of survivors are forced to take refuge in an abandoned school, where they discover a mysterious zombie with the power to bring the undead back to life.
1856 ::: Cover Story (2000) ::: thriller ::: Chandrashekar Menon is a retired Judge and lives an upper middle-class lifestyle in Southern India along with two grandchildren. His son and daughter-in-law are out of town for a few years. While returning home one day, he gets to meet his new neighbor, Jasmine, and both become very friendly. Then one day when Jasmine goes to ask Chandrashekar for help finding her contact lens, she instead finds his dead body, shot in the head at close range. She also sees the blurred outline of a human being, but due to her extreme myopia, is unable to identify the assailant. The police are summoned and Jasmine is questioned. This is where she gets to meet dynamic Newsperson and Executive Director of True Vision, who also helps her to re-locate to another flat, as the people in the neighborhood were casting aspirations about her, her character, and her relationship with Chandrashekar. But Jasmine's ordeal is not over as another dead body lands in her shopping cart. This body is of the retired DCP Mohan, and the police immediately think that Jasmine is the suspect. Her background is thoroughly checked all the way from Chennai to Bombay, where her parents lived. They find out that her mother, Saraswati, is a Hindu, and father, a Muslim. Both had separated. Watch what happens when things spiral out of hand and a new twist is added to this bizarre case when more people turn up dead.
1857 ::: Warehouse, a Film from the Lovebirds Project (2017) ::: short ::: Shadow and Queen meet every night after midnight. Outside a poorly maintained warehouse in Greenpoint on the banks of the East river, they drink cans of Modelo and smoke weed and dream about what they wanna do when they grow up. They don't know each other's real names, or where each other lives, or what each other does before sun-down. But, maybe out of loneliness or a lack of sobriety, they start to fall in love and wrestle with the 'rules' of the game they're playing.
1858 ::: The Musicians (2003) ::: documentary ::: Folk-musicians earn their money on the streets of Armenian capital Yerevan, the ropewalkers dance in front of the old monastery Khor-Virap. Their improvisations appear like a poetic mirror for the psychical sensitivity of Armenians.
1859 ::: Stevie Nicks: Through the Looking Glass (2013) ::: documentary ::: Featuring rare footage, archive and interviews, this documentary takes a look at one of the most iconic figures in rock n roll, the story of Stevie Nicks. The ups, downs, and personal sacrifices she has made for her musical career. She has been responsible for composing some of the most joyful and celebrated songs ever written.
1860 ::: Take 3 Girls (2006) ::: family ::: TAKE 3 GIRLS is about the triumph of courage and hope over urban desolation and emotional loss. London's multi-cultural street music youth scene is the setting. The three main characters share a dream: making something of their lives through music. Lyla is a beautiful Indian girl with a voice like an angel; Patsy a tough talking DJ; Spot a talented rapper with a dark secret. The three find an unlikely way out of the ghetto through a chance encounter with Mo, a failed Indian businessman on the edge, and his wife Romila, still grieving the death of their daughter eight years ago. The girls' attempts to transform a derelict warehouse into an unofficial music venue give Mo an idea that could be everyone's salvation.
1861 ::: Alone in the Wild: Tanya Streeter & Amy Williams (2011) ::: adventure ::: Winter Olympic gold medallist Amy Williams and World Champion Free-diver Tanya Streeter spend eight days fending for themselves in a remote corner of Botswana's Okavango Delta. They have to hunt and gather to supplement their emergency survival rations or they will go hungry, and they have to collect, boil and filter every last drop of the drinking water they needs to survive. Armed with a camera to film their adventure they are constantly on guard against attack from wild animals. Only minutes after they set off into the bush on their own they disturb a cheetah on a fresh kill. Terrified they don't take any meat from the kill and move swiftly on to their first campsite which is only a few hundred metres away. They have to collect, boil and filter every last drop of the drinking water they need to survive from thick muddy water holes, but working under the relentless African sun soon takes its toll on Amy who is violently sick. They have no luck hunting and the only food they gather is so bitter they can't eat it. Despite running low on energy they decide to spend three days in separate camps to experience what it's like to survive completely alone in the African bush. Eventually, the lack of food get to them both and the medical team send in a message ordering them to tuck into their emergency rations. Refuelled, they reunite for their last night in the wild and they finally catch some food - a catfish - and in the pandemonium that ensues, Amy gets a fishing hook stuck deep in her forefinger. The next day, after one final encounter with the African wildlife, they strike camp and head for a rendezvous with the support team.
1862 ::: Marina Heat (1985) ::: adult ::: It's an accepted fact that people who live at a marina are the loosest, most immoral swingers to be found. And the most infamous marina of all lies on the coast of sunny California, a stone's throw away from the mega-rich Beverly Hills, scandalous Hollywood, and the international airport...an ideal location for the promiscuous flight attendants, poor little rich girls and struggling actresses to find love and lust. These are the reasons why star reporter Ace Woodward (Buck Adams) and his side kick Melanie Moans (Amber Lynn) have chosen the marina for their story on the Sex Life of the Free and Easy. As they get deeply involved in the pointed questions as whether flight attendants really screw passengers to join the "mile high club", whether bikini-clad nymphets really land parts by strolling on the beach past Hollywood moguls getting their summer tan, and whether the marina heat really contributes to a high and more intense sex drive. Melanie and Ace find themselves unavoidably driven to release their pent-up tensions. They go out in the world of hot, sun-baked bodies, unbridled passions and sleek sailboats to find the "nuts and bolts" of their article. What they learn about the swinging single life on the water is what this story is about.
1863 ::: A Period Piece (????) ::: drama ::: The film begins in the year 1770, not too long after the 7 years war. Many Empires are rejoicing, having heritage festivals celebrating the old, while a war is soon set to begin..... behind the scenes.... A war that will shatter Empires.... Sparking a series of wars across the world and bring new change in which many do and do not want.... The film begins in the year 1770, not too long after the 7 years war. Many Empires are rejoicing, having heritage festivals celebrating the old, while a war is soon set to begin.. - behind the scenes. - A war that will shatter Empires. - Sparking a series of wars across the world and bring new change in which many do and do not want..
1864 ::: Ab Dilli Dur Nahin (1957) ::: drama ::: The year is 1951, India is a free country, and Hariram lives a poor lifestyle along with his wife, Bela, and a young son, Rattan. He is in debt, but continues to borrow money so that he could provide a better life for his family. On the occasion of Diwali, he borrows some more money, returns home laden with gifts, fire-crackers, and sweetmeats, and together they celebrate. That night a snake enters their hut and bites Bela, killing her, leaving both father and son devastated, so much so that Hariram takes to alcohol, loses his job, and is unable to re-pay his loan. His moneylender assaults Rattan, and an enraged Hariram threatens to kill him. That night the moneylender is killed, and the Police arrest Hariram, he is tried in court, found guilty, and sentenced to be hanged. With the help of a pickpocket named Ghasita, Rattan finds out that his father is innocent, and both set out to travel to Delhi to meet the Indian Prime Minister Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru so that Hariram can be freed. On the way there, Ghasita gets run-over by a truck, but before dying gives a written statement to Rattan, thumb-printing it with his blood. Now alone, Rattan travels all the way by foot to Delhi's Dariya Ganj, and assisted by some street urchins, he hopes to meet Nehru - all in vain. It is then that the real killer shows up, and his motive is to prevent Rattan from meeting Nehru at any and all costs - even if it means killing him and his new-found friends. Ab Dilli Dur Nahin is the story of a journey in search of justice. Hariram a poor labourer loved his wife and son Rattan so much that he lavished them with all the comforts of life even though it meant he was constantly in debt. Harimam's life fell apart when he lost his wife. So grief stricken was he that he even lost his job due to poor attendance. Misery drove him to seek solace in alcohol. When drunken Hariram reached home he found his son crying as an evil loan shark Sethji had beaten him up. In a fit of rage Hariram went to Sethji's house and nearly killed him but for the timely intervention of Mukunda who also owed Sethji money. Hariram left, but not before threatening to kill Bhola Seth. That night while Hariram was asleep next to where his wife had been cremated and Mukunda broke into Sethjis house to steal his valuables. When Sethji tried to stop him he killed Sethji. Hariram was found guilty for this murder and sent to Delhi to await his death sentence. His distressed son, Rattan, not knowing how to save his innocent father meets Ghaseeta a pickpocket who had seen Hariram asleep in the crematorium. He relates the story to the police but they question his credibility. Uneducated Ghaseeta decides to go to Delhi with Rattan to plea Hariram's case before Pt. Nehru. Mukunda fears for his life and follows in pursuit of the child and his witness. A race begins between Ratta and the pickpocket and the real culprit as he attempts to stop them too.
1865 ::: Paragliding Across America (2001) ::: documentary ::: The first paragliding expedition across America. World paragliding distance recordholder Will Gadd, also a perennial winner of the X-Games ice climbing competition, lead a three-man team to paraglide from Ventura, California across the Southwestern and Southeastern U.S. and land on the Atlantic Coast in Kitty Hawk, North Carolina, where the Wright Bros. invented human flight.
1866 ::: Infância Falada (2016) ::: documentary ::: The documentary follows social projects in the states of Rio de Janeiro, Săo Paulo, Ceará, Pernambuco and Minas Gerais, aiming to find out how children try to change the environment of constant violence into which they are born. These are exciting stories of boys and girls who have taught their parents to resolve conflicts through dialogue and who dream of bringing peace to their neighborhood.
1867 ::: La mujer del puerto (1991) ::: drama ::: Perla, a prostitute and the star in a miserable cabaret in the docks, falls in love with a sailor without knowing that he is her brother. Tomasa, Perla's mother, tries to prevent this incestuous relationship at all costs, but fails to do so. Set in a sordid environment, the director makes no concessions in this tragic love affair, which is narrated from three different points of view.
1868 ::: West's Fighting Ships (2006) ::: documentary ::: Today's missile and helicopter-equipped destroyers and frigates can reach further and more effectively than even the mightiest capital ships of former years. While the capabilities of the current generation of carriers and cruisers are truly awesome. Using the pick of film from the leading navies of the western powers, this program shows the major types of vessels in action.
1869 ::: Several Friends (1969) ::: short ::: An improvised late '60's short-subject student film, and debut movie of Director, Charles Burnett; done in the neo-realist, documentary film style. A day-in-the-life South Central L.A. tale about a rag-tag group of unemployed black male pals. The realistic dialogue and attitudes of the principal players will remind the viewer of latter day Spike Lee/ Ice Cube movies. The moving of the washing machine scene will remind one of the 'engine carrying' sequence' of Burnett's '77 "Killer of Sheep" Feature. Inspiring.
1870 ::: Tread: The Movie (1994) ::: documentary ::: No plot to this as such. It's basically a road movie where the two main stars, who are top mountain bikers, strap a dozen or so bikes to a beat up old estate car and travel around the US visiting all the best places to bike. This includes Slickrock and Moab of which you see some very nicely shot biking. Not really a movie for non-mountain bikers but if you are it provides some inspiration.
1871 ::: Mitsos... o rezilis (1984) ::: comedy ::: Mitsos, the restless and mischievous son of a matchmaking fortune-teller, after following his late mother's advice, he decides to maintain an independent matchmaking agency, struggling, however, to make ends meet along with his childhood friend, Spinos. As a result, Mitsos, in order to succeed and satisfy his clientele's whims, by keeping his identity secret, he even disguises himself, depending on the circumstance. Unexpectedly, this is an infallible tactic, nevertheless, just when everything seemed to be going well, Mitsos has a chance encounter with the charming Eve, and his heart begins skipping a beat.
1872 ::: "Faraday and Company" (1973) ::: drama ::: Frank Farady has spent 25 years in a South American jail for murdering his partner - a murder he didn't commit. He returns home to Los Angeles to find that his former secretary has given birth to his son Steve. As it turns out, Steve is also a private eye so the two team up to solve mysteries together...
1873 ::: "The Internet Killed Me" (2010) ::: comedy ::: Paul Blacksmith is bored with his life and as always goes on Facebook, someone talks to him and tells Paul to go on a site which he does then gets his life deleted and is now trying to get his life back from Alzeimer Gaddad with the help of the Helper.
1874 ::: Bout de chou (1935) ::: comedy ::: Mister Darnétal is invited by his nephew Georges to the premiere of his extravaganza in Paris;but his partner (he did not marry her,even after all those years)is not prepared to accept it and he uses his best friend as an alibi ;the two pals intend to live a wild life in the capital where there are plenty of lovely girls.But the uncle discovers that his dear nephew has a fiancee ,actually an unwed mother for she's got a little kid.The young man has fallen for the star of his variety show,a coquette fickle Chanteuse who ,in the end ,only has eyes for her co-star in the show .Uncle gets angry ,threatens to disinherit this infamous nephew and marries the young mom ,unbeknown to his fifty-something partner who has come to meet him in Paris.
1875 ::: The Ebb-Tide (1998) ::: adventure ::: A down-on-his-luck sea captain accepts an assignment on a rickety boat with a mysterious cargo and a questionable crew. As disaster befalls disaster, the crew finds itself on an uncharted island with a mad ex-sea captain who lives with a mute woman who threatens to kill them all.
1876 ::: "Mary Kay and Johnny" (1947) ::: comedy ::: In a pattern that many domestic sitcoms would follow over the next 15 years, the plotlines followed the exploits of zany Mary Kay. Her husband, Johnny, was a sane, sensible banker who had to rescue her from herself. (The Stearns were married in real life.) In December, 1948, Mary Kay gave birth to son Christopher. Because Mary Kay's pregnancy was hard to hide, his birth was incorporated into the show. Shortly after New Year's Day, 1949, Christopher was written into the show as a character. During shooting, he either lay in his bassinet or was held by one of the Stearns or Mary Kay's mother. Shot live in New York, where it was set. Sponsored by Anacin.
1877 ::: Gumball 3000: 6 Days in May (2005) ::: documentary ::: Switch your sofa for bucket seats and buckle-up for Gumball 3000 - '6 Days In May', the adrenaline-fuelled tale of 2004's Gumball 3000, the world's most glamorous and notorious rally. Drive all day and go wild all night with starlets and skate-pros, pop stars and princesses, as well as the planet's baddest boy racers on a 3000 mile endurance trial from Paris, through Madrid, Marbella, Morocco, Barcelona, and finally Cannes, via every party in between. Climb behind the wheel of your dream car as Ferrari Enzos, Lamborghinis, Porsches and a cheeky Citroen 2 CV vie for pole position. Long haul, high-speed and hardcore; Gumball 3000 - '6 Days In May' is the ultimate road trip.
1878 ::: Grasshopper (2017) ::: short ::: Grasshopper is a HD looped video showing a couple leisurely enjoying a late afternoon on the beach. The interpretations of time, the meaning of space are explored the way one might bounce off one reality to the next while thrown into the chaos of alternative dimensions. The fragments of existence were reassembled, displaying incoherent timelines existing within a single digital video.
1879 ::: Little Joe, the Wrangler (1942) ::: western ::: Mining executive Neal Wallace arrives to investigate the losses at a gold mine and is immediately framed for murder. The murderers then incite a lynch mob but the Sheriff lets him go. Wallace eventually convinces the Sheriff of his innocence and the two then work together to get the gang that is looting the gold ore.
1880 ::: Czwartki ubogich (1982) ::: drama ::: A young doctor has been assigned to a hospital in the provinces, in the lakes district of northern Poland. The area is a playground with hunting lodges for the priviledged, the local politicians cover up any leaks to the public. The doctor discovers a case of drunken driving but is silenced by blackmail in the court. He tries to fight back but has a love affair with the unfaithful wife of the town's Mayor.
1881 ::: Rokonok (1954) ::: drama ::: Mail <svaradi@sprynet.com> for translation. Fougyessze valasztjak Zsaratnok varosaban Kopjass Istvant. A tehetseges fiatalember tele van elkepzelesekkel, nagyszabasu tervekkel, otletekkel, hogy hogyan tisztithatna meg varosat a korrupciotol. A varos elokelosegei azonban - sot, meg sajat rokonai is - csak a maguk pecsenyejet szeretnek surgetni az o arnyekaban.
1882 ::: "Smart Guys" (1988) ::: comedy ::: The comic mishaps of two down-on-their-luck brothers and a suicidal ex-con who literally drops into the brothers' lives when he lands in the back of their truck after leaping off a highway overpass. The three of them find themselves mistaken for contractors at a lavish wedding, and soon discover that the bride is being forced to marry her loutish suitor against her will. After the wedding goes sour, the house is partially demolished and a stampede breaks out, the three men decide to team up as business partners, though it's never clear what services they propose to provide.
1883 ::: Sa aking pagkakagising mula sa kamulatan (2005) ::: drama ::: A realistic glimpse of the Filipino youth in the gulf of Manila's urban gullies that tackles socially-related issues surrounding the intersecting lives of marginalized ordinary Manileńos. Presented in a staggered vista of correlated events, the movie explores the day-to-day survival of the characters and their broken dreams, pent-up anger and abnormal sexuality. It conveys its message powerfully in a daring and unapologetic way-- using street lingo to it's fullest. The story unfolds one night when Rey, the docile and cowardly teenage student is mauled as he passes by a drinking spree of street toughies: Pogie, Jopet, Kahoy and Taba.
1884 ::: Adventures of the Quest: Predator Island (2000) ::: documentary ::: Episode 4 - "Predator Island" Across from Miami, Florida lies Bimini Lagoon where a unique shark nursery provides the charismatic and eccentric Dr. Sam Gruber with an ideal environment to study the behavior of immature Lemon Sharks. Dr. Gruber's methods are somewhat unorthodox as he hosts the annual Lemon Shark tagging program. Although more like a shark rodeo-round-up, it afforded both scientists and the Quest team plenty of action in the pursuit of science. Other species of the shark family (elasmobranch - sharks, skates and rays) were also studied at close quarters here and enabled the Quest team to get up close and personal with some very feisty and dangerous Eagle Rays. The Bimini backdrop also permitted the "Shark Doc" to introduce his students to his very practical, hands-on way of teaching; the entire class went shark diving without a cage!
1885 ::: Resident Alien (1990) ::: documentary ::: At age 73, writer and melancholy master of the bon mot, Quentin Crisp (1908-1999), became an Englishman in New York. Rossiter's camera follows Crisp about the streets of Manhattan, where Crisp seems very much at home, wearing eye shadow, appearing on a makeshift stage, making and repeating wry observations, talking to John Hurt (who played Crisp in the autobiographical TV movie, "The Naked Civil Servant"), and dining with friends. Others who know Crisp comment on him, on his life as an openly gay man with an effeminate manner, and on his place in the history of gays' social struggle. The portrait that emerges is of one wit and of suffering.
1886 ::: Der Schnüffler (1983) ::: comedy ::: The harmless Berlin taxi driver Herbert Boeckmann has a bad day: Three mysterious gentlemen put him the corpse of Boris Stravinsky, a Russian economist, into the car. Unsuspecting Herbert brings the "passenger" to East Berlin. There Boeckmann falls into the clutches of the KGB, who considers him a top agent of the CIA. As Herbert eventually returns to the western part of the city, already the CIA waiting for him to be the taxi driver again suspected of being a top agent of the KGB. To prove his innocence, Herbert must find the real killer of Stravinsky. A mysterious vials to which he sniffs in extreme situations, helping them not only to amazing powers and unsuspected abilities. As Super Agent "Herbie Melbourne" mixed Herbert on the agent scene. But between the lines he gets in the line of professional killer.
1887 ::: "Workout from Within with Jeff Halevy" (2013) ::: talk-show ::: The smell, the noise, the crowds, the cost, no wonder so many people can't stomach the thought of going to the gym. But now there is an easy, cost-effective way to get in shape right in the comfort of your own home. On Workout from Within with Jeff Halevy, fitness guru Jeff Halevy shares his secrets of staying in to work out. No need for expensive equipment, Jeff cleverly transforms everyday household items into fitness opportunities. It's a half hour of easy routines and invaluable information guaranteed to get your blood flowing, heart pumping and a feeling of inner peace and accomplishment. Jeff taps into the mind, body and spirit as a fitness guide, and takes the viewer on a journey to health and wellness.
1888 ::: Falling in Love (2017) ::: romance ::: Jung-Bi and Zhi-Nan, two poor and passionate young people, fell in love in spring 2004 but soon were separated due to misunderstandings. Jung-Bi thus went back to her hometown Beijing in order to make a fresh start. The story moves between present-day (2014) and the 2005. Sure, the core is romantic story, but the exceptional charisma that the actress brings to the screen makes it feel fresh and not entirely predictable. Complications arise when Jung-Bi receives a challenge her cousin offered as Jung-Bi facing a difficulty at work. Jung-Bi needs to make tough decisions among love, soul and moral law in exchange for a successful career. Meanwhile, Zhi-Nan reappears in Beijing, asking Jung-Bi for a second chance. Is Jung-Bi willing to fix their broken relationship when the old-time painting rekindle many memories from the summer love, or will she moves on to something that is easier in her own life?
1889 ::: Secret Mysteries of America's Beginnings Volume 3: Eye of the Phoenix - Secrets of the Dollar Bill (2009) ::: documentary ::: Secret Mysteries Vol. III focuses on the development of the new world as "The United States of America". This video will demonstrate that the history of America's government, and of its official symbols, is a history of secret societies. Examine America's much-talked-about dollar bill and the symbols it bears. Modern masonry claims that the all-seeing eye floating above the pyramid is not a Masonic symbol. But what did Freemason's President Franklin D. Roosevelt, and his Masonic Vice President, Henry Wallace, believe when they attached this symbol to our currency in 1935? How were these American leaders influenced by the Russian mystic, Nicholas Roerich? Does the all-seeing eye represent the Masonic Christ? Was the eagle originally a phoenix bird? And what do all these occult symbols mean? Follow the journey of the Secret Mysteries series as we unveil their influence through the 20th century. Many believe that the real purpose of the many "Wars and Rumors of Wars" has been to establish a commonwealth of nations to rule the whole world. With the North American Union on the rise, is America the victim of deception? Or is she THE instrument of Global Government?
1890 ::: Something Good: The Mercury Factor (2013) ::: thriller ::: In a small village in China's Yunnan region, Xiwen (Jingchu Zhang) mourns the sudden loss of her beloved, only child, a young boy poisoned by tainted food. Numbed by the pain, she seeks a reason to live. Although a woman of the highest integrity, she has become hard and uncompromising. Far away in Italy, Matteo (Luca Barbareschi) is a ruthless, high-powered player for Hong Kong-based Feng Multinational, an international conglomerate with many interests around the world ... not all of which are above board. Lured by the highly lucrative, international trafficking of adulterated foods, the suave and cynical Matteo has abandoned all scruples and conscience and is well on his way up the underworld corporate ladder. Following a series of cold-blooded successes, he is poised to become CEO of the Feng group when fate abruptly intervenes. Crossing paths with Xiwen, the two instantly share a powerfully undeniable attraction. Tentatively, they begin to see one another, each experiencing feelings they no longer thought possible. Simultaneously, a jealous co-worker tired of living in Matteo's shadow has set into motion a plan to frame him for a triple murder. Still unaware of Matteo's involvement in the very black market trade that killed her son, Xiwen - convinced that he is innocent - compromises her own high standards, lying to police to provide him with an alibi. As Matteo attempts to unravel the mystery surrounding the murders and prove his innocence, his relationship with Xiwen continues to deepen and the emotionally damaged lovers fall deeply in love, providing each other with long-abandoned hope for happiness and a new start. But when the truth is revealed - and amidst the chaos swirling around them - Xiwen must now decide to forsake their love ... or to choose a new path together. Inspired by world affairs and headlines on the real-life trafficking of adulterated foods.
1891 ::: The Negotiator (1994) ::: drama ::: A serious heart condition puts an end to Charlie King's job as a "street copper", but he refuses the offer of a desk job and a promotion. When a secret team of negotiators approaches him with the offer of a job, he's intrigued, but who is he dealing with?
1892 ::: Il lupo e l'agnello (1980) ::: comedy ::: Leon de Paris is a modest dog-barber in Paris. In search of more satisfaction. Thanks to the economic helps of Fanny (his terrible mother in law), he succeeds to set up in Roma a very stylish "Coiffeur pour homme". But due to this, his life with Fanny isn't funny, and more, Leon has to dissimulate homosexuality for job reasons. He decides to stop this nightmare engaging "Er Cuculo" (the cuckoo) a B-gangster to simulate a robbery. In fact the plan is to take all Fanny's money, share it among them and escape in Montecarlo. Will the strange couple succeed?
1893 ::: Ánimas Trujano (El hombre importante) (1961) ::: drama ::: Animas Trujano is a colorful but irresponsible Indian in a small Mexican village. He hopes above all things someday to be chosen mayordomio of his village, a place of great honor usually conferred upon the wealthiest and most respected citizens. Animas has a loyal wife, but cheats on her and gambles away every cent they raise. Chances arise for Animas to turn over a new leaf and even hope realistically for the honor of mayordomio. But will Animas behave responsibly enough to take advantage of these opportunities?
1894 ::: IBM Location Awareness (2010) ::: short ::: IBM employees are curious. We try to seek out relationships that lead to expanding our knowledge in exciting areas of innovation and thought. When we engage with experts from outside our company, we take the time to listen, the time to think, we ask questions. Sometimes we find ourselves in these situations where - if we approach with respect and an open ear - we afford ourselves the opportunity to collaborate, to further the conversation, to build valuable relationships. We are a global network of experts seeking to further our innovative insight through our innate curiosity, our collaborative nature, and our respect for the work and achievements of others. As an example of this, a handful of IBMers over the last few years have visited the MIT SENSEable City Laboratory in Cambridge Massachusetts to meet with the students and faculty members there, and to learn about some of the innovative projects they have underway. Just as IBM has been exploring how to make our cities more instrumented, interconnected and intelligent, the folks at MIT have been investigating and testing their own ideas in a number of cities over the last 6 years. Their projects are fascinating. One project from the SENSEable Cities Lab that has caught the eye of many IBMers over the past few years is called Trash Track. In a nutshell, this project involved attaching RFID tags to everyday garbage items so that the geographic movement of the trash could be tracked for up to a year depending on variables. An Internet of Things project of sorts, with mapping, analytics, and ultimately analysis of the tags as attached to their hosts traveling about -- glass, metals, plastics, organic waste etc -- this project provided unique and surprising lessons for all involved. In hearing about this project, IBM Fellow John Cohn agreed to take a trip to the MIT campus -- his alma mater -- to participate in a discussion with SENSEable Cities Associate Director Assaf Biderman to learn more about Trash Track. This video is the result of that trip, and some of the things we learned that day.
1895 ::: Dharini (2007) ::: short ::: In the aftermath of a tragic accident, a scientifically inclined teenage girl struggles to redefine her understanding of nature's forces.
1896 ::: Tickling Leo (2009) ::: drama ::: A man unwillingly tries to get to the bottom of his families dysfunctionality. It all has something to do with the deportation of Jews from Hungary during WWII, something his grandfather might know more about, since his dad refuses to talk.
1897 ::: HappySAD (2009) ::: drama ::: After her mother is sent to prison, profound changes occur in the lives of several people when 17-year-old Mandy Graham goes to live with her father's dysfunctional family who she never knew. Soon passions are unleashed, laying bare souls and revealing long hidden secrets. In this teen drama, Mandy, a high school footballer from the ghettos of Trinidad is shipped off to the idyllic island of Tobago to live with her great uncle Cephas. Anger and fear keep Mandy from seeing the beauty all around her. But the island becomes a character in itself, smoothing away Mandy's rough edges. With tropical locales and music from Destra and Farmer Nappy, HappySAD is a classical tale of teen angst set in an island paradise.
1898 ::: Eck's Lover (2011) ::: short ::: During an experimental séance conducted in a dank Winnipeg warehouse in the summer of 2010, the disembodied spirit Eck is prematurely conjured back to life and allowed to run amok on earth once more. But without Will Rogers around to supervise the resurrection, the séance is botched. Eck is lost, yet again doomed to wander the haunted forest of film history, but he isn't alone. From James Cruze's 1922 lost film 'One Glorious Day'.
1899 ::: King Lati the First (2008) ::: documentary ::: Lati is only eight years old, but he already has a heavy load on his shoulders. Born in Tel Aviv to a Senegalese father and a Belarusian mother, he is heir to the throne of a Senegalese tribe. But he is also a typical Israeli child; a fan of McDonald's and especially of the local basketball team. . He is now about to travel to his kingdom for the first time where over one million of his subjects await his return. Told with a light, comic tone, this film highlights the personal cost of globalization and the dilemma we face as we straddle the crossroads of tradition and modernity.
1900 ::: The Baroness and the Pig (2002) ::: drama ::: A wealthy American Quaker woman rebels and marries a French baron for love. A plan to start a Parisian salon with a distinctively democratic air brings conflict with her new surroundings and an unusual ally in a country girl raised by pigs.
1901 ::: "Model Idiots" (2012) ::: comedy ::: 'Model Idiots' shares the ongoing adventures of Cole and Bryce, two male models living in Los Angeles. It's a different lifestyle than many are used to, but don't worry-they'll ease you into it. They spend their days working out, tanning, eating healthy, wearing better clothes than you, looking better than you, and telling you what to do by setting the best example ever.
1902 ::: Otley (1969) ::: comedy ::: Gerald Otley, a petty thief and garbage rummager, wakes up one morning, after a drunken night on the town, and finds that he is wanted by the police for murder. And that is only the beginning. While being pursued for a crime he did not commit, he is kidnapped by a group of criminals who suspect him of being involved with double agents. Otley manages to escape, but cannot avoid getting into one near-fatal crisis after another, as police and foreign agents chase after him. It is a wild week of misadventures which Otley will never forget!
1903 ::: "A Stable Life" (2009) ::: documentary ::: A Stable Life" is a fascinating insight into the world of UK show jumping and dressage through the eyes of the young owners of Caldecote Farm stables, Ed and Nadia Brook. From riding lessons to stallion training and top level competitions, this series is an un-missable look behind the scenes of the equestrian world. Through Ed and Nadia, see how Caldecote Farm stables is run; from the Livery yard to the indoor training school, stallion trainers and the working farm, every aspect of the stables will be seen from a behind-the-scenes perspective.
1904 ::: Paradistorg (1977) ::: drama ::: A merchant's house in the Stockholm archipelago. Katha, an old woman comes here every year. So does her father, who once built the house. She wants the family, her children and their children to join her at Paradistorg. This leads to conflicts.
1905 ::: "Sisters the Series" (2016) ::: comedy ::: SISTERS THE SERIES is a fish out of water comedy following two young immigrant siblings determined to achieve their lifelong dream of changing the world by empowering and inspiring women and influencing them to believe in themselves and their goals. Released on International Woman's Day this hilarious web-series will have you in stitches as you watch these ladies navigate the depths of what it means to become the voice of a generation.
1906 ::: Reviving Ophelia (2010) ::: drama ::: Marie Jones and Le Ann Dunley are sisters that leaned on one another through their life challenges. Marie is married and Le Anne is a single mother. Marie and husband Walter raise a seventeen year old daughter named Elizabeth, who has a picture perfect life with a seemingly equally wonderful boyfriend named Mark. Le Ann raises her sixteen year old daughter named Kelli and finds it tough to relate to the pressures her daughter is facing with boys, friends, and school. Meanwhile, Mark and Elizabeth are getting along well, and starting to have a perfect life. The relationship turns stormy however, Mark is dominating her by calling her continuously and not allowing her to talk to other men. One night she is hospitalized, but denies that Mark has put her there. Kelli begins to get suspicious about the bruises that Elizabeth has sustained. Elizabeth's parents try to intervene in the relationship but it doesn't do any good. Finally, Elizabeth cannot take the abuse anymore so she decides to end the relationship. Days later, she recieves a violent text from him and files a restraining order against him. If Mark violates, the school will contact the police and he'll be arrested. Can Elizabeth stand up for herself before it's too late? Elizabeth Jones seems like the perfect girl. She has good friends, caring parent, and a seemingly perfect boyfriend Mark. When her cousin Kelli Dunley has to stay with Elizabeth and her parents, she gets suspicous of Mark. Marie Jones and Le Anne struggle to raise their teenage daughters while dealing with the world.
1907 ::: Palace of the Damned (2013) ::: horror ::: Following in the footsteps of her late fiancée, who drowned under mysterious circumstances, Rebecca (played by Katie Savoy) and her film crew are in China making a documentary about the Chinese Ghost Festival. There, she learns of a story about a concubine Chan Ju Chi who is violently murdered and thrown into a well by the head concubine Ping Wei (Played by JuJu Chan) within the secret grounds of a palace. Legend has it that the Chan Ju Chi has risen to become a "jiangshi", killing innocent people in the hope of taking over their bodies. Things take a turn when a worker is attacked in a decrepit well within an old palace. Rebecca tries to piece together the mystery behind the legend as one by one the people she knows are gruesomely murdered.
1908 ::: Le Silence Pure (Pure Silence) (2017) ::: drama ::: Patrick is a devoted and loyal person. He is everything a father can wish to have in a son. Businessman with a PHD attached to his name but yet very humble. Nothing moves him. Father wishes for his son to settle down with Ruth a devoted servant of God, business woman and loyal friend to Patrick. Patrick comes in encounter with his old pal Vincent. They graduated high school together in the Democratic Republic of Congo. Vincent has now become a high profile controlling pretty boy, landed in America from London, using his devoted girl Emelie and all illegal means to skim his way through business and make quick money. The impossible happens. Emelie disappears. No one seem to know where to find her but fate has brought her to the back seat of Patrick's car, into his holly home, straight into his heart and eventually God's heart. Patrick's life is taken on a new journey, 'Pure Silence' where discovery takes place, inner feelings rise up and the fear of facing the unknown. God's Grace is continuously covering it all.
1909 ::: Los pasos de Antonio (2007) ::: documentary ::: Documentary focused in Antonio, a 94 years old man who lives in the city of Córdoba (Argentina), who has made a promise to walk every day to the church door in their neighborhood to stay active. Aided by his cane in one hand and feeling the walls of the facades with the other, Antonio, almost blind, is walking forty-five minutes per day since fifteen years ago. Every single day of the year, hot or cold, as if it were a ritual, he does the same route, for him a little more than a maze of shadows and sounds. Camera in hand, his grandson Pablo follows his daily life.
1910 ::: Yek Etefagh sadeh (1974) ::: drama ::: The story of a ten years old Iranian schoolboy living with his mother and his father in Northern coasts of Iran. The boy helps his father in selling the latter's illegal fishing and helps his mother in shopping for her and bringing home water from a well. The three characters live together in only one room. Their life is austere. The boy eats only bread and milk every day... One day the boy's mother dies.
1911 ::: Terror in the Jungle (1968) ::: adventure ::: Little boy Henry Clayton Jr. survives a plane crash in the untamed Amazon jungle. However, he's discovered by a tribe of vicious savages who plan on sacrificing him. Meanwhile, Henry's father ventures into the jungle to find the missing lad before it's too late.
1912 ::: Potters Stier (1981) ::: short ::: Potter's Bull is the first part of the "Over-Paintings" Trilogy (Uebermalungen) by painter and director STRAWALDE (Juergen Boettcher). Paulus Potter's simple postcard scene entitled "The Young Bull" ("den jungen Stier") is artistically alienated in an imposing fashion. By using assorted means of "painting over" and/or front projections, the figure of the bull in the center of the card is placed in a state of constant flux. A viewer may also choose to follow the shifting background behind the bull, which continues to recontextualize the bull in shifting worlds. Accompanied by a sound collage.
1913 ::: Yours Truly, Miss Chinatown (2008) ::: documentary ::: Every year, two dozen women compete for the crown of Miss Los Angeles Chinatown, one of the oldest and best known ethnic pageants in the world. "Yours Truly, Miss Chinatown" uncovers the intimate stories of three young women who vie for the title Miss Los Angeles Chinatown, while struggling to navigate two cultures with conflicting values. The crown is a link to the past, while their lives are a sign of the times. As the spectacle unfolds on stage, so does the drama of their lives - there are no pat beauty pageant answers to real life struggles with love, family, culture, and life as a modern woman.
1914 ::: Smert Pazukhina (1958) ::: drama ::: Relatives are anticipating the death of a wealthy trader Mr. Pazukhin. Relatives are fighting for inheritance, playing games in attempts to manipulate Mr. Pazukhin's will. His daughter's husband is extremely crafty. But Mr. Pazukhin's son Prokofi is playing a submissive pleaser. Mr. Pazukhin leaves all his wealth to his submissive son, who suddenly becomes powerful and vengeful to others.
1915 ::: Day and an Arabian Knight (1999) ::: short ::: Day and an Arabian Knight is as film about two needy people whose circumstances bring them together in a city that has left them lonely and stranded. In one day and a night, Mohammed, a Lebenese security guard, meets and woos Day, the new temp. We watch through Day's hopeful eyes and heart as Mo takes her out on a date and even proposes marriage only to reveal his real need... a visa to stay in the country.
1916 ::: On White Satin (1980) ::: adult ::: The sexiest things happen when we see the goings on under a soft, sexy white satin sheet. From the honeymoon couple to the wild fraternity toga party, On White Satin proves it's the best bet for a picture that will have great legs, sexy arms and beautiful thighs. The sexiest things happen on White Satin.
1917 ::: Tiny Tim: The Last Hurrah (2005) ::: documentary ::: In 1968, armed with a ukulele, a falsetto voice, and songs from a forgotten past, Tiny Tim burst out on national television... People were wide-eyed, slack-jawed and confused. Who was this man; this troubador from another planet? They had never seen anything like him before... An eccentric singing machine. From his televised marriage on the Johnny Carson Show, to his sold out shows in Las Vegas, to his number one hit 'Tip Toe Through The Tulips', he had become unstoppable. Then... it all went away. So did he. Or so it seemed. This film documents the last 10 years in his life. From the entertainment company that began to revive his career in life, his tourmate and the venues that booked him, we are given true accounts of the man and his bizarre behavior. Welcome to the universe of Tiny Tim.
1918 ::: Que reste-t-il de Chris Conty? (2006) ::: comedy ::: A tribute to Chris Conty, the iconic Franco-Belgian singer. Real shooting star of the french pop music, he had a strong impact on the musical landscape at the end of the 20th century, and his influence is still vivid today. Your memory gets blurry? You can't put a name to the artist's face? Yet, this can't be a hoax. A mystification. Unless...
1919 ::: Bes Sehir (2009) ::: drama ::: Five characters, trying to struggle for life, who are far from each other mentally, are connected with coincidences or desires. At first, Aydin falls in love with Mehtap working in a candy store just like Sevket, who falls in love with Dilek working in the same store. Both, disappointed, cannot impress their beloved ones. Then we meet with others; Osman, Tevfik and relatives taking part inside the story, and also diversity of alterations on their emotions and tendency.
1920 ::: Alaska, the World and Wally Hickel (2013) ::: documentary ::: A one-hour biography of a politician who defied labels--a dyslexic Kansas farm boy who rose up to become a millionaire builder, Alaska Governor and Richard Nixon's Secretary of the Interior. But Nixon fired Walter Hickel in 1970 after a celebrated controversy over a letter Hickel had written criticizing Administration policy toward student protesters.
1921 ::: The Great Ruins of Truth: A Dark End Approaches (2017) ::: sci-fi ::: The Nexus zone which is at the far ends of the flat earth in Cyrus universe. It holds an ancient prison island known as Nibiru houses the criminally insane Jake Ryson as well as the most dangerous deadly beings in creation. The link to Cyrus universe has been opened and gateways to the nexus zone are opening in the doctors universe thanks to the immortal and Jake. Cyrus Ryson has come across so many challenges throughout his life. Becoming the keeper of knowledge on events and the protector of creation. As well as trying to bring down the dark controlling leaders, and their control in his universe. Trying to protect his son Jake from the darkness, from the dark ones turning him. Having to sacrifice his own son in to the machine on the prison island, then trying to protect his other son Michael, keep the immortal being inside him from taking over. But now this is his biggest challenge yet as it is it is the whole of creation in the Doctors universe that is in danger. Jake is let free from a machine he was trapped in for a long time, a machine that some one built on the prison island Nibiru many years ago. A machine that has the capability of destroying creation and re-creating it, wiping out all current life. Cyrus must not only fight to get he's son Michael back, to free him of the immortal and to protect the earth from he's destruction but now has to save the whole of creation it's self but there are two people in he's way. The immortal and his other son Jake Ryson.
1922 ::: "Gold Mind" (2009) ::: reality-tv ::: This series reveals the heartfelt interaction between mentalist Haim Goldenberg and ordinary people, featuring a series of 'mind bending' and 'heart bending' experiences, each more unbelievable than the last.
1923 ::: Close Enough (2016) ::: drama ::: After moving away and being out of touch for two years since high school graduation, three girls who were once best friends, reunite over a weekend to discover what made them drift apart and just how much they've changed since they last saw each other.
1924 ::: Bruciati da cocente passione (1976) ::: comedy ::: Virginia and Casimiro are both married with children to passionate spouses, while they are shy and devoted to poetry, crying watching "Anna Karenina" on TV. They commute every day from a little town in Lombardy to Milan and during the journeys they meet and fall in love. They suffer from being unable to realize their love without hurting their marriages but they don't know their respective spouses share a hot relationship...
1925 ::: "Anyone Can Win" (1953) ::: game-show ::: Moderated by well-known cartoonist and humorist Al Capp, this program featured a panel of four celebrity contestants who would answer trivia questions on a variety of topics. Before the start of the show, audience members would chose which celebrity guest they thought would answer the most questions. Those who picked the right person would each receive a large cash prize.
1926 ::: Castle Boulevard (????) ::: drama ::: Dominic is a little odd. Easy going and naive, an artistic photographer from a backwater village, the city holds wonder and magic for him in the form of trendy jazz clubs, quirky friends and limitless opportunity for finding his 'perfect picture'. Unfortunately, his move into the city has come at a price, and that debt is already in pursuit of him.
1927 ::: See Quan Run (2018) ::: documentary ::: Mayor Jean Quan, A lifelong public servant, and mother to the burgeoning city of Oakland, See Quan Run will attempt to give the viewer a glimpse behind the politician. While her grassroots approach to politics and community will certainly a large contributor to the documentary, we want to dig deeper. Taking you beyond the stump speeches and get up close and personal with Mayor Quan, her family and the team that is aiding her in the rebirth of Quan's Oakland. As her first term winds down, she preps for the battle to retain her post and finish the work she started. We want to see how she runs the city, her family and the campaign trail while being the sitting mayor and vigorously campaigning for re-election. We want this documentary to not only highlight the mayor and her accomplishments and current work in the city, but as a community activist for over 30 years.
1928 ::: Dushmano Ka Dushman (1984) ::: crime ::: Sita lives a middle-class lifestyle in India. After her sister passes away, she undertakes to look after her nephew, Raju, lands a job as a Governess-Tutor at distant Vijaypur and re-locates there. Enroute via train a man named Chandru attempts to molest her, but she rejects him, attempts in vain to find a seat in the woman's compartment, and it is then a man armed with a gun shoots Chandru and kills him. The gunman gets down at the next stop, leaving a shaken Sita alone and admitting to the Police that she was a witness and can identify the assailant. When she reaches Vijaypur, she takes charge, and wins over a precocious child, Shobha. She gets a shock when she is introduced to her new employer, Manohar, who is the owner of Nandini Estates, and realizes that he is the killer. He too recognizes her and prevents her from informing Inspector Murthy, who is known to him. When she insists on going to the Police, Manohar accompanies her but warns her that if she identifies him than Raju will be killed by his men. Sita informs Murthy that she is unable to identify the killer. The Police become suspicious and start to suspect her of killing Chandru. They lift her fingerprints and find that they match the ones found on the gun. The question remains what will Sita do after she is arrested?
1929 ::: Dawn of the Planet of the Apes: Journey to Dawn (2014) ::: short ::: The cast and crew talk about the success of the first film (mixed with past and current movie footage) and what the second one would bring to the universe as far as story goes. Matt Reeves talks about his infatuation with the original Apes films. Matt talks about the growth of the apes here as their civilization rises and of course the story. Serkis also chimes in here and talks about the strengths of Matt.
1930 ::: The Out of Towners (1970) ::: comedy ::: George and Gwen Kellerman live in the small, quiet town of Twin Oaks, Ohio with their two young children and pet dog. George has a strong sense of what is right and wrong, especially as it applies to himself and Gwen, but he still looks to her for validation. Working for a plastics company, George believes he is a shoo-in for the company's Vice-President of Sales, New York Division job, a position located in New York City. George is looking forward to their future life in New York City, with all the amenities and benefits living in the big city has to offer. For George's 9 am interview, George and Gwen plan on taking a flight that lands in New York at 8 pm the evening before, which gives them time for dinner at New York's finest restaurant, The Four Seasons, and a comfortable night's stay at the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel before the interview. But nothing on this trip goes according to plan. In fact, what can go wrong, does. Because of circumstances, it even looks as if George may miss his interview. As the fifteen hours preceding the planned interview progress, George and Gwen have to decide if they are going to let New York get the better of them or if they are going to get the better of New York. George Kellerman and his wife make a trip to New York, where he is about to take a new job. This journey turns out to be a trip to hell -- what can go wrong will go wrong. Up for a promotion, George Kellerman is being flown to New York City with his wife Gwen - all expenses paid - for an interview with the top brass. They plan to arrive the night before to enjoy dinner and a show but the plane gets diverted to Boston. George's carefully planned dream trip turns into a nightmare which features, among other misadventures, a hellish train ride to New York, a mugging, a police chase and a broken tooth. You may think twice before ever visiting the Big Apple again. George and Gwendolyn Kellerman, a couple from Twin Oaks, Ohio, takes an all expenses-paid trip to the "Big Apple"- New York City for George's big meeting for a top business company. George has a special night planned for Gwen before the big meeting the next morning. It consist of a dinner-and-dessert for two, then dancing, and finally back to their luxurious hotel suite at the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel. It seems like the perfect getaway vacation...until it takes a turn for the worse. Bad things stars to arise: The plane is rerouted to Boston's Logan International Airport; They hop on a cattle-style crowded train to Grand Central, with extreme shortage of food; Upon arrival, the entire New York City Transit Authority, the local cab company, and the Sanitation Dept. are on strike; A heavy thunderstorm drenches George and Gwen; The hotel gave away their room; George and Gwen get mugged twice and kidnapped (in a NYPD squad car). It's then that George is not taking this lying down anymore and threatens to sue everybody that never gave them a chance. Someway, the 'Big Apple Pie' can taste very sour for the "Out-of-Towners."
1931 ::: The Magic of Bing Crosby (1991) ::: music ::: Rosemary Clooney, Michael Feistein, and wife Kathryn Crosby celebrate the voice and singing style of crooner Bing Crosby through clips from his theatrical shorts from the 30s and 40s and archival footage from his television appearances from the 60s and 70s. Such Crosby standards as "June in January," "Learn to Croon," "Blue of the Night," "Basin Street Blues," and "White Christmas" are heard.
1932 ::: "Orange County Choppers: American Made" (2015) ::: reality-tv ::: "Orange County Choppers: American Made" is a lifestyle and build series that features Paul Teutul Sr. and his world-renowned crew from Orange County Choppers and Rusty Coones, from "Sons Of Anarchy." Audiences will get an intimate glimpse inside the exciting worlds of Paul Sr. and his new friend Rusty's adrenaline fueled lifestyles. Watch these American icons as they create and build the most extreme custom themed bikes, boats and other unique one of kind machines on the planet for their celebrity and interesting clients.
1933 ::: "Sabri Maranan" (2011) ::: comedy ::: The series follows Shay and Shani who go to Friday dinner. Shani's family is a Mizrahi Family, and Shay's family is an Ashkenazi family. There are episodes that they go to Shay's family the Rosens, and there are episodes that they go to Shani's family the Hassons.
1934 ::: Honfoglalás (1996) ::: history ::: Filmed in commemoration of Hungary's 1100th anniversary and on the sites of the actual events, a cast of thousands authentically recreates the 896 AD arrival of the Magyar chief Arpad (Nero) and his seven tribes into the Carpathian basin from the steppes.
1935 ::: "Art of America" (2011) ::: documentary ::: Andrew Graham-Dixon deplores that the Precolombian native cultures I the Americas were annihilated by the European colonists, and mostly inadvertently by epidemics the Indian cultures lacked immunity against, so even what was preserved is usually impossible to appreciate expertly. Colonial art largely aped Europe, albeit generally in the modest price class, and recorded the glory of the New World's nature, and alas its progressive demise of pristine diversity as the West was won and railroads laid the tracks for a rise to wealth heralding the Boston Tea Party conflict leading to the War of Independence. The new nation used art -foremost in the brand new capital- to pose as an equal with great powers, and to cover up injustice, especially towards the gradually chased natives. Finally at recorded the near-suicidal Civil War.
1936 ::: Nydelige nelliker (1964) ::: comedy ::: Hovedstaden er blitt en riktig pen by. Tidsmessige bygg ruver snart over alt, der de gamle rřnnene er jevnet med jorden. Men en selsom bukett av nydelige nelliker lever videre. De hverken vil eller kan innrette seg etter de velordnede forhold i samfunnet. I denne filmen mřter vi en del hĺndplukkede eksemplarer av arten. De lever pĺ sin uortodokse mĺte, lettsindig i sin omgang med sannheten, eiendomsretten og hverandre. Derfor kommer mesteparten av deres tid til ĺ henrulle bak murene. Nĺr de en etterlengtet morgen slipper ut til en hřyst tvilsom form for frihet, opplever de bare at deres synderegister řker ytterligere.
1937 ::: "Three in a Bed" (2010) ::: reality-tv ::: Three Bed & Breakfast owners stay in each other's accommodation, and then pay the amount which they thought their stay was worth. The owners with the highest percentage of or over their asking price wins. Much arguing and oneupmanship ensues.
1938 ::: Prithvi Vallabh (1924) ::: drama ::: Seminal silent historical film, the story features King Munja, ruler of Aranti, famed warrior and patron of the arts. Munja (Sandow) falls into the hands of his arch enemy Tailap, who received assistance from Bhillam (Altekar), king of Dharavati. Tailap orders that Munja be put to death but is held back by Tailap's powerful sister Minalvati (Fatma Begum), a widow who first wants to break Munja's spirit. Instead, she and Munja fall in love. Learning of Munja's plan to escape with Manalvati, Tailap has Munja trampled to death by his elephants.
1939 ::: Honeylicious (2014) ::: short ::: The story takes place in the inner city after sunset. The streets are filled with delinquents as Anthony awaits a phone call. He is stranded without any money and is hatching some pretty stupid ideas about how to get home. Enter our hero, Honeylicious. He's tough, he's smart, he's on the next level and he's ready to do whatever he can to help his new buddy, but his motives are anything but clear. Through their bonding experience they start a friendship that will immediately be tested as both of their lives are turned dramatically upside down.
1940 ::: Botanica (2014) ::: sci-fi ::: BOTANICA is a creepy futuristic black comedy that examines our complicated relationship to plant life. Sealed in a human terrarium, two unorthodox botanists and a caretaker with a penchant for erotic literature unleash a flood of unusual findings and overturn the constraints of science and social norms. This 3D narrative film is also a document of the live stage production.
1941 ::: La passante du Sans-Souci (1982) ::: drama ::: Max Baumstein is a reputable businessman, a rich self-made man with a conscience - he founded a highly visible and active international organization fighting against violations of human rights. Why would he commit an act that apparently negates the principles he has striven for so long to uphold? Eventually, he reveals a secret about himself that he kept hidden from his younger wife Lina, and that in a roundabout way concerns her as well. It is the conclusion of a struggle that started many decades earlier, when Elsa Wiener, a German singer exiled in Paris, without money or relations, a refugee among many others, faced two daunting problems: surviving in a foreign city, and saving her husband Michel from the clutches of the Nazis.
1942 ::: Could This Be Love (2014) ::: romance ::: Sandra, a small town country girl, returns home after college to take over the family business, her father's beloved bed and breakfast. Facing an unfaithful husband and dysfunctional relationship with her mother, she finds herself at a difficult crossroads. Everything changes, however, when Terrance (Steven Sutton), a young, handsome lawyer checks in and opens her eyes to an entirely different life filled with happiness. Sandra, a small town country girl, returns home after college to take over the family business, her father's beloved bed and breakfast. Facing an unfaithful husband and dysfunctional relationship with her mother, she finds herself at a difficult crossroads. Everything changes, however, when Terrance, a young, handsome lawyer checks in and opens her eyes to an entirely different life filled with happiness.
1943 ::: "e2: The Economies of Being Environmentally Conscious" (2006) ::: documentary ::: The series begins in New York, a city that is leading the charge to green its skyline with several groundbreaking projects. New York debunks the myth of the "concrete jungle," proving that dense urban environments can be inherently sustainable. "The Green Apple" explores some of Manhattan's most prominent and technologically advanced structures - like One Bryant Park and The Solaire - and features interviews with architects Robert Fox, Richard Cook and Sergio Palleroni, among others. The episode illustrates how the ubiquitous skyscraper can be designed as a model of environmental responsibility.
1944 ::: An Bothar Fada (2000) ::: documentary ::: The story of Irish emigration to Britain during and after the Second World War, concentrating on the men who worked the building sites. They built the power stations, the motorways, the tower blocks and the London underground, often working gin appalling conditions and exploited by their own people.
1945 ::: Erza: Fear of a Faceless God (2009) ::: thriller ::: From New York's unsuspecting Long Island community to a dark decrepit hospital in Hungary, Davin Cortes searches for the truth behind his father's bizarre past. He unveils a debauched world of perverse bliss and sexual terror depicted in a gore fest of horrid videos found in the archives of his father's hidden lair. He gathers the possibility that his father may have been a Long Island serial killer with a trail of death submersed in the bloodletting of an unbeknownst cultic network of vampire serial killers. Davin finds that the mystery of his father's past is vividly detailed behind the lips of a hard hearted young girl, a sociopath vampiric vixen named Erza. She goats him into her psyche while simultaneously haunting his sensibilities with taunts of her wretched vice for blood and butchery.
1946 ::: Silent Waters (2014) ::: documentary ::: What happened once the waters receded, the beaches were cleaned up and the aid organizations left? Silent Waters provides an intimate glimpse into the lives of fishing communities on an undeveloped Thai island in the Andaman Sea. The immense power from the waves destroyed the main village of 200 households. Many survivors moved to the mainland, too afraid to return. Those that chose to re-build their lives on the island recap their memories of that fateful day and how they coped after losing their families, homes and livelihood. They talk about their concerns for the future and how their unique lifestyle will likely change with the arrival of electricity.
1947 ::: "Dark Day" (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: In a post apocalyptic, dystopian future, a demon masquerading as a member of high society must free himself from a vengeful god's curse - one which violently forces him into the role of a hero. Henry Seele, the demon in question, has hidden for years away from the eyes of the Wardens (a group of highly trained individuals who track demons to their deaths) and the vigilante demon hunters. His inherent blood lust brings him to inadvertent exposure when two would-be demon hunters, Calvin Shaw and Ian Howe, are tipped off to Henry's true nature. Calvin and Ian investigate Henry quietly, unaware that Henry is watching them every step of the way, and waiting for them to strike. Calvin and Ian set a trap for Henry, which backfires; Ian is killed and Calvin barely escapes with his life. However, Henry is taken captive by a mysterious being and brought to places unknown. Calvin, with the help of Ian's wealthy and influential family, must discover the whereabouts of Henry Seele and exact justice. Little does he realize that the world is about to enter a state of war, as the dormant foes of the many hidden demons in the world are slowly revealing themselves.
1948 ::: International Comedian (2017) ::: short ::: International Comedian is a short documentary on the importance of multicultural storytelling in modern mainstream media, following the life and work of actor/comedian Samba Schutte. A USC Annenberg School of Communication and Journalism original production.
1949 ::: Private Black Label 34: Victoria's Wet Secrets (2004) ::: adult ::: Victoria is a young, pretty and ambitious swimmer. She works hard to succeed and so do they rivals at a training camp. But for them a swimming-pool is not the only place to train. And it's always better to excerise a body when a girl has a company of a hunky guy-or even two. Victoria feels lonely especially when she falls in love with a handsome coach Adam. But luck is on her side. Adam celebrates his birthday in company of six girls and three friends. It's a no-clothes-party. Two girls get double-penetrared side by side.
1950 ::: The Listeners (2016) ::: documentary ::: What if the most important conversation of your life is with a stranger? The Listeners follows a cadre of new volunteer trainees in crisis and suicide prevention as they learn to answer suicide hotlines. Through their eyes - and more importantly, their ears - the film examines mental health and suicide prevention strategies, volunteerism and the life-saving power of empathy.
1951 ::: Warriors (2015) ::: documentary ::: Under the shadow of Mount Kenya, young Maasai Warriors have remarkably formed a cricket team. In a community deep with tradition, where female genital mutilation (FGM) is still a rite of passage, these young Maasai express their frustrations at inequality by smacking cricket balls on the plains of Kenya and dreaming of life beyond their own village. Thus begins a journey all the way to England; the home of cricket. It is a journey which gives the Warriors the courage to face their elders in the hope of ending FGM.
1952 ::: BalanceBall Fitness: Beginner's Workout (2002) ::: sport ::: BalanceBall Fitness is an exciting new way to get into shape using the fun and versatile BalanceBall. Based on the principles of yoga and Pilates, this unique Beginner's Workout introduces you to basic stretching and resistance movements that can help you improve strength, coordination, balance and flexibility. With an added emphasis on breathing and concentration, you'll learn the fundamentals of mind-body awareness and be ready to take yourself to the next level of fitness!
1953 ::: 29000 Wishes. 1 Regret. (2012) ::: drama ::: Twenty-somethings Kevin and Jennifer had the perfect lives, and nothing was going to change that... Or so they thought. When they met in college, they planned on being the next power couple. Both graduated at the top of the class, and went onto successful careers. They spoiled themselves with lavish trips to exotic locales, expensive meals, and other decadent treats. Then, the economy collapsed, and the couple lost their jobs. Life went downhill fast as they drained their savings, racked up debt, and finally lost their home. Flash forward one year later. Kevin and Jennifer live in the slums, surviving on their dwindling savings. The one time up and coming couple occupy their time by searching online employment ads and futilely searching for work. The couple languishes in their studio apartment, growing distant from each other. Jennifer escapes to far off virtual lands, playing online games. Kevin lives vicariously through his lecherous single pal Brian who texts his buddy with graphic details of his sexual exploits. Then... Jennifer presents the notion of creating a secret suicide pact: They should live like the old days when they had means. The solution. Max out their credit cards and then kill themselves when they run out of credit to spend. They both agree to execute the plan. Kevin and Jennifer capture their adventures in a self-made video log as they return to a life of decadence. Now, will Kevin and Jennifer really go through with their suicide pact when the borrowed money runs out?
1954 ::: XPW: Genocide (2002) ::: drama ::: XPW: Genocide - Live from the Grand Olympic Auditorium in Los Angeles, CA... Larry Rivera & Pogo the Clown defeated SoCal Jobbers Union (D, American Wild Child, Street Styles)... XPW TV Title No. 1 Contender: Chris Hamrick defeated Psicosis... Juventud Guerrera & Vinnie Massaro defeated Damien 666 & Halloween... Scot Snott defeated Shooting Star... New Jack and Crimson went to a no contest... Vic Grimes defeated Evan Karagias... GENOCIDE MATCH - 1 Cage, 2 Rings, 3 Titles: The Enterprise (GQ Money, Kaos, Veronica Caine, Steve Rizzono, Sandman) defeated The Black Army (Lizzy Borden, Nosawa, Johnny Webb, Supreme, Angel) but no titles changed hands.
1955 ::: Das Ende der Geduld (2014) ::: drama ::: Corinna Kleist is a juvenile court judge who, after a leave of absence following the suicide of a convicted teenager, is appointed to a 'problem area' in Berlin. She now tries harder than ever to change the system in order to prevent troubled kids from being turned into vicious criminals. In the case of 14-year-old Rafiq, she becomes particiularly emotionally involved and goes far beyond what her duty as a judge calls for - the lonely and often hopeless struggle of a courageous woman trying to do the right thing... Based on the book Das Ende der Geduld, written by Kirsten Heisig.
1956 ::: Ang huling birhen sa lupa (2003) ::: drama ::: A priest, Father Emman (Jay Manalo) visits a small coastal town. Cion (Maui Taylor), a former nun who now teaches catechism in the island thinks that Father Emman is the priest she sent for but only to be disappointed to discover he is faithfully devoted to his vocation and the vow of celibacy.
1957 ::: Balls (2016/II) ::: documentary ::: 13 people from india talk openly about sex, love and marriage for the first time in indian film history- and discuss the most controversial issues of homosexuality, marital infidelity, aids, anal sex, kinks, domestic violence, incest, rape, arranged marriage, women rights, open relationships, masturbation and other issues of sexuality in a film that is so uninhibited, brave, explicit and uncensored that it has been rejected by indian censors! This film is the first documentation of indian sexuality ever-and the 13 people represent all the view points of indian society-gay, straight, old, young, liberal, conservative, married, single! All the characters in the film have made the most shocking and brave revelations about their real lives whether it is their homosexuality or the fact that they were raped as a child or assaulted by their spouse !the anchor/director of the film anirudh chawla has attempted to expose the hypocricies and sexual repression of indian society and wants to begin a nationwide and international conversation about sex, which is considered a dirty word in india; hrough this film!!
1958 ::: Return of the Guitar Lord (2016) ::: adventure ::: Travel to Harmonia, a world parallel to Earth where what we know as magic, they know as rock and roll. Return of the Guitar Lord is the first video game set in Harmonia. It features a mixture of puzzle and rhythm based game play along with an engaging story which reflects the decisions of the player.
1959 ::: Edge (2012) ::: thriller ::: EDGE. On the surface, it's the story of a madman terrorizing a helpless city, taking lives without a second thought. Blood is this man's water. Enter Jack Rivers, detective for the city's police department and ace headhunter who always gets his man. Stymied by the difficulty of catching this serial murderer, Jack begins to stumble in a blind fury and the line between 'justice' and 'murder' becomes blurred. This is the story of a man whose life is about to change forever. He's about to go over the EDGE.
1960 ::: "The Great Southern" (2013) ::: adventure ::: At the end of the Tang Dynasty, the Chinese and Overseeing of the Imperial Scholarship was investigated and dealt with by corrupt officials, resulting in a full chopping of copies. His wife, Li Sao, carried their families with their families and moved southward. They crossed the Yellow River, Poyang Lake, crossed the Wuyi Mountain, came to Fujian, Guangdong, Jiangxi at the junction of Kudo. Corrupt officials excessive son, listen to the eunuch field Tianqi Zi Yan, Lee family as killing father and enemy, chasing Ge Fuju, waiting for revenge. Lee family and the relocation of Han Chinese south in the production and life, and the local mountain people had a serious conflict, which also had a deep feeling. Luosheng and the Seventeen Mother after several twists and turns, eventually married. Too desperate to kill Lee sister, the opposite was saved sister. Because of Ngau Tau Tang and two stunned Huang Chao, Ge Fuju was Tang Jun Bing suppression. Han Chinese and mountain people unite with their enemies, repel Tang Bing. Chinese and Han died remonstrance Emperor Tang Li Ye. Li Ye recovered his life, thanks Ge vine concave to the people, so that Hakkas Han immigrants live there multiply, torpedo handed.
1961 ::: Miley Cyrus: Reinvention (2013) ::: biography ::: Miley Cyrus has always been way ahead of her time. At the tender age of nine she decided that acting would be her career. Her passion for acting and singing has catapulted her into a global teen idol. This intimate film, packed with rare footage, explores her astonishing evolution-from a Disney Channel favorite to a controversial tabloid sensation.
1962 ::: Finding Leah Tickotsky: A Discovery of Heritage in Poland (2010) ::: documentary ::: In the summer of 2007, as a Stanford University student Sarah Golabek-Goldman traveled to Poland to teach English in the village of Zakliczyn. While there, she also visited the towns where her family lived before World War II to search for Poles who remembered her relatives. In the village of Jasionowka, Sarah discovered the gravestone of her great-great-grandmother, Leah Tickotsky. Finding Leah Tickotsky explores Polish-Jewish relations as well as one filmmaker's personal journey to discover her family roots. Through her eyes, Finding Leah Tickotsky provides a perspective on one of the most painful periods in history and serves as a reminder of the extraordinary contributions Jews made to Poland over nine centuries.
1963 ::: The Day the World Saved Shane Sawyer (2006) ::: short ::: Shane Sawyer doesn't want to live. His parents' imminent divorce and his girlfriend's cheating have led him to consider jumping off of a rooftop. But the world, in carnival-like fashion, has other plans.
1964 ::: Le Murge, il fronte della guerra fredda (2012) ::: documentary ::: 1962, the World faces its most dramatic period in Modern Times: the Cuban crisis and the atomic War nightmare. Unexpectedly the Cold War Front moves to Murge, a small and poor Region in Southern Italy. Upon its hills Jupiter Missiles pose a threat to those unconscious peasants and shepherds who used to live there. This forgotten land becomes the stage for the struggle between URSS and US.
1965 ::: The Trap (2016/IV) ::: short ::: Zehra and Ayse are two women whom are mother and daughter and sisters at the same time. They live with Mister Ziya in a garbage house, which is old and pretty messy. Mister Ziya is their both father and husband. One day Ayse tells her mother that she is pregnant and therefore she wants to leave the house. Zehra does not want her daughter to live outside on her own. She has no strength to be alone. She tries to convince her daughter. She tells her that Mister Ziya has one foot in the grave. Ayse does not believe her. Zehra has no choice but disclose the secret in response: she tells her that she changed Mister Ziya's medicine, therefore, Mister Ziya will go to afterlife soon of 'natural' causes. Ayse believes in her mother. She is convinced to stay in the house for a little longer. We can never know whether Zehra tells her the truth or not.
1966 ::: Last Resort (1994/II) ::: comedy ::: Sam and Dave are living the boring life until they are beckoned to Sam's uncle's Island. When they get there (still not quite sure how that worked) they are compelled by beautiful women and a dastardly enemy of the Island. After accidentally convincing Sam's uncle to sign away rights to his island, they must somehow fix the problem.
1967 ::: Ascoltami (1957) ::: drama ::: A famous singer abandons his wife and goes to live abroad with a woman he met in a night club. A car accident upsets his life - he loses his job and his new love but he regains his sons and peace of mind.
1968 ::: Cult of Cthulhu (????) ::: horror ::: An urban adventurer visits the infamous Devil's Gate Dam where he unwittingly summons a demonic entity using the blasphemous pages of the Necronomicon. The nightmarish horror quickly escalates as a fiendish cult begins their quest to awaken an apocalyptic demigod who promises to eradicate mankind from the Earth.
1969 ::: Ed Emberley, Children's Book Illustrator (2011) ::: documentary ::: Award-winning children's book author and illustrator Ed Emberley is truly a national treasure, having drawn nearly 100 books. The warmth of his family and his 17th century home are an essential part of his work. In this installment of the lynda.com flagship documentary series, we go to Ed's home in Ipswich, Massachusetts, to meet him and all of the members of his talented family, including his wife and author, Barbara; children, illustrators Rebecca and Michael; and granddaughter, recording artist Adrian Emberley. A generation of children have learned to draw using Ed's drawing books and we watch as a new generation puts crayon to paper. At 80 years young, Ed is pushing ahead and we meet with his team as he works on his newest iPad app-with graphic artists that, as children, learned to draw with his books.
1970 ::: La luz incidente (2015) ::: drama ::: A period drama set in 1960s Argentina, The story about the erratic beginning of a relationship and the urgent need for the first light after darkness. Since the accident, Luisa has not been able to put her life back together. But when a seductive stranger comes into her life and forcefully proposes starting over, Luisa is confronted with the grieving process she had previously done everything to avoid. The new man's overwhelming energy may be hiding warning signs about his character, and the possibility of rebuilding a family starts to blur with a powerful anxiety that overcomes everything and everyone in its path.
1971 ::: Il ragazzo del pony express (1986) ::: comedy ::: A youth who has recently graduated can't find a job. One day he unintentionally snatches a bag from a girl and buys a motorbike with the "proceeds" of the theft. Then he begins to work as a mail express courier. At first the girl denounces him then falls in love with him.
1972 ::: Inside Désirée Cousteau (1979) ::: adult ::: Young, beautiful, and innocent Desiree enters the work force to find great difficulty in keeping men disinterested in her charms. She starts out as a reporter when she meets "Mr. Ryan", a Presidental hopeful. He gives her the "scoop" of her life which ends up in an usual pool sequence! Desiree then tries another job as a door to door saleswomen with excellent results when she discovers her first client, a very luscious , hot redhead. She sells all her merchandise and ends up in a menage-a-trois when the husband enters. Trying to keep away from sexual encounters and to find a straight work, she finds herself a job aboard a luxury yacht only to discover herself involved with two porno stars, John Homes and Serena. Seeing that no matter what she does ends in sexual encounters, she goes after a career in porno films and becomes an international sensation. And lives happily ever after!!!
1973 ::: Best Becomes Better (1938) ::: short ::: On his way to deliver a new Farmall F-20 tractor to a customer, a local McCormick-Deering dealer pays a sales visit to another nearby farmer who owns a similar but 10-years-older model. To overcome the farmer's belief that his tractor is just as good as the new one, the dealer points out the many mechanical improvements and increase in power and reliability of the new F-20. The dealer also reminds the farmer that all of his implements will still fit the new model, and that the resale or trade-in value of his old tractor is high.
1974 ::: Camp Dead (2011) ::: horror ::: A group of college students decide to end the summer by going camping in the woods near the small town of Cedar Cove. While there they encounter a crazy hermit who warns them about strange experiments with dead bodies being conducted by a demented scientist in an isolated lab nearby. The campers snoop around and are noticed by Dr. Letum's treacherous assistant, and that night are besieged by zombies. Separated in the attack, the campers must try to escape the risen dead and survive the nightmare they have stumbled into, as they deal with the ramifications of science delving into realms into which it was never meant to go. But is Dr. Letum the true evil or is Max Vendo, his assistant, the real mastermind behind these terrifying events? The truth will unfold as the campers are slaughtered in turn by the resurrected dead. Will any of them survive long enough to learn the truth? Will any of them survive at all?
1975 ::: Comrade Duch: The Bookkeeper of Death (2011) ::: documentary ::: Comrade Duch murdered 14,000 people on behalf of the Khmer Rouge regime in Cambodia's Tuol Sleng prison in the 1970 and 1980s. Today, the repentant killer has been confronted by evidence of his horrendous crimes against humanity in a court, and by the people of Cambodia who suffered at his hands. In the Extraordinary Chambers of the Courts of Cambodia, Duch (born Kaing Guek Eav) and onlookers watch wrenching tribunal footage, and face the anguish and anger of relatives of Tuol Sleng victims. Comrade Duch might never have been captured and brought to trial if not for Irish photojournalist Nic Dunlop, who searched tirelessly for Duch until finding him in a remote area near the Thai border, 20 years after his escape from Tuol Sleng and subsequent conversion to evangelical Christianity. Because of the intervening years and the radical change Duch underwent while in hiding, it is not a simple matter to condemn the man. And yet it is especially terrifying to realize this mild-mannered math teacher could have turned turned into such a vicious sadist for years, and then suddenly converted to a peaceful and devout Christian. Perhaps it is simply too much to believe. It is up to the court to decide what justice awaits the born-again executioner.
1976 ::: Immiscible: The Fight Over Line 5 (2017) ::: documentary ::: Every single day, 23 million gallons of oil pump through 64-year-old pipelines under the largest source of surface freshwater on the planet. The Great Lakes are a delicate ecosystem and a sanctuary to over 40 million citizens who depend on them for their livelihoods, whether they realize it or not. Immiscible: The Fight Over Line 5 explores the growing tension between water activists and big oil companies. The film features interviews from leading organizations in the fight to decommission Enbridge Line 5 in the Straits of Mackinac, members of indigenous communities at risk, concerned residents, as well as Enbridge Energy's public response to this conflict.
1977 ::: Die Prostitution, 1. Teil - Das gelbe Haus (1919) ::: drama ::: The fates of several young girls are portrayed in episodic form. Their social decline leads to prostitution, their life ends in a brothel or in the gutter. The story is in-closed by framework of a fictional an institution of justice, a court on prostitution, moral decline of young girls contrasted by current social values and the bourgeois customs.
1978 ::: Snowbound: The Curse of the Sierra (2000) ::: documentary ::: Sierra Nevada means "snowy mountains" in Spanish. This spectacular range runs 400 miles along the eastern edge of California. It is the most avalanche-prone area in the United States, a place where the winter "Storm King" produces many devastating snowstorms. This documentary examines three winter weather disasters in the Sierras, starting with the most notorious, the Donner Party. Snowbound over the winter of 1846-1847, of the 81 settlers who went into the mountains, only 45 walked out. Some of the group resorted to cannibalism, which was sensationalized in the press. The second disaster profiled occurred in January 1952 when the luxury streamliner train "City of San Francisco" became stuck in Donner Pass by avalanches resulting from extreme snowfall the previous autumn. One engineer was killed and the train's passengers were stranded 3 days without heat before rescue. The third disaster happened at the Alpine Meadows ski resort near Lake Tahoe. The 15-foot snow pack in the spring of 1982 created dangerous avalanche conditions, and on March 31 1982 the resort was closed. On that day an avalanche killed 7 people and buried chair-lift operator Anna Conrad inside an employee building at the lodge. Anna was dug out alive 5 days later.
1979 ::: Woody Hayes' Ohio State Buckeyes (2008) ::: documentary ::: Across his three decades at Ohio State, Woody Hayes dominated the football landscape and spread the virtues and tradition of the Buckeyes from coast to coast. This new film is a tribute to the man who embodied the spirit of the Scarlet and Gray through hard work, intellect, leadership, inspiration, and character. 205 wins at Ohio State, three national championships, and 13 Big Ten titles only begin to measure Hayes' accomplishments, his lasting legacy, and the remarkable impact of his core beliefs on Ohio State, are celebrated and honored here. Hayes' creation of a national football powerhouse helped fill Buckeye Grove with All-Americans, but on and off the field Coach Hayes built champions. From his start at OU, to the "Ten Year War" between the Buckeyes and Wolverines for top-rank bragging rights, through to his retirement, the stories of Coach Hayes are told by players, colleagues, and friends including Archie Griffin, Rex Kern, Dick Schafrath, Jack Tatum, John Hicks and other Buckeye greats.
1980 ::: Flamenco mi vida - Knives of the wind (2007) ::: documentary ::: A MUSICFILM: Flamenco, passion and life in Andalucia + around the world; This is a personal collage, in "cinema-direct"-style, filmed 2years in all Andalucia, intertwined with relatives in Cairo, Istanbul, Japan and India (Khatak). Puro and Moderno, old and young, beginners, folks and masters, gitanos, studios, penias, festivals, ferias, in streets, fields; poets, lorca, animals, ... their extreme enthusiasm, belief, joy,pain,lostness, serious, funny, sometimes absurd+crazy, adorable...
1981 ::: Magická Praha (2015) ::: short ::: Poetical short tells story about Peter who is lost in his relationship and himself. He goes to magical Prague to find again his joy of life. Unexpectedly he meets mysterious girl. He is drawn on the way full of radical changes with no clue where they lead to. It's getting clear that there is no point of return.
1982 ::: California Excursions (2006) ::: short ::: Artists Diran Lyons and Jesse Wilson utilize film to document their sculptural and performative interactions with diverse landscapes. Founding the art collective 'WHAT.IF?SOCIETY' in 2004 while studying New Media in the Master of Fine Arts program at the University of California, Santa Barbara, Lyons and Wilson make public events with large inflatable objects, ludic performance, and audience participation the direct subject of CALIFORNIA:EXCURSIONS. The resulting picture explores the relationships between synthetic materials and the natural California landscape, focusing on how everyday objects and materials can interact with their surroundings to create tension, pleasure, suspense, and an altered space.
1983 ::: Zhuang ban feng liu (1994) ::: comedy ::: Ma publishes books; his marriage is flat and his wife wants attention, so she arranges a photo session in bed with Si, a gay decorator, to make Ma jealous. Her friend, Linda Lo, also unhappily married, is there as well, dressed for the photos, and Si's lover is hiding in another room. Enter Henry Lo with a call girl, and Ma himself, intent on killing Si. Chance intervenes: a best-selling author and a prude, Lovely Pak, pays a call; she wants Ma to publish her books. Mistaken identities and everyone's attempt to seem conservative to please Pak lead to chaos: Si pretends to be Ma; Ma pretends to be a servant. Will Miss Pak sign a contract, and can the married couples find harmony?
1984 ::: The Curse of the Cat People (1944) ::: drama ::: This mostly unrelated sequel to Cat People (1942) has Amy, the young daughter of Oliver and Alice Reed. Amy is a very imaginative child who has trouble differentiating fantasy from reality, and has no friends her own age as a result. She makes an imaginary friend though, her father's dead first wife Irena. At about the same time, she befriends Julia Farren, an aging reclusive actress who is alienated from her own daughter Barbara.
1985 ::: Je pan kahish e sachuj kahish (2016) ::: thriller ::: Leeza and Dhaval meet at a coffee shop to enjoy their day together at Dhaval's place,They are not aware that this day is going to be their biggest nightmare forever!What happens in the house which turns a romantic date into a nightmare is story of "Je Pan Kahish e Sachuj Kahish"
1986 ::: Bekar odasi (1967) ::: comedy ::: Kazim works at a gas station, he wants to marry Iffet though her mother is against it, so she informs the police as they try to run away. The police is after Kazim since he inherited a fortune. Kazim starts living in a hotel suite, the singer Leyla makes a plot with her boss Cemil to get Kazim's money. As Leyla seduces him Iffet and her mother arrive. Cemil makes Kazim sign a deed of debt for his villa. The real heir of the fortune turns up. Kazim and his friend get arrested because of their debts. Iffet reveals Cemil's dishonesty. Kazim and his friend are found not guilty. Kazim goes back to his former job. He is happy to start a new life together with Iffet.
1987 ::: Lila akác (1934) ::: comedy ::: Mail <svaradi@sprynet.com> for translation. Szep Erno nagysikeru regenyebol a kor egyik legjobb filmkomediaja szuletett, melynek komikus csucspontjan Kabos Gyula mint noimitator lep fel.
1988 ::: De Club van Sinterklaas & De Pietenschool (2013) ::: family ::: Which child would not want to discover how to become a helper of St. Nicholas? But for that you should be allowed to enter the castle in Spain! This year St. Nicholas gives one child the chance to make this dream come true. A Golden Pepernoot is hidden somewhere in the Netherlands. The child who finds it can go to the helpers school in Spain. But if two Golden Pepernoten are found, the helpers have to take Coole Piet fan Lucas and a mysterious man to the castle. Who will pass the exam to become a helper and can join st. Nicholas on the boat to the Netherlands? Which child would not want to discover how to become a helper of St. Nicholas? But for that you should be allowed to enter the castle in Spain! This year St. Nicholas gives one child the chance to make this dream come true. A Golden Pepernoot is hidden somewhere in the Netherlands. The child who finds it can go to the helpers school in Spain. But if two Golden Pepernoten are found, the helpers have to take Coole Piet fan Lucas and a mysterious man to the castle. Who will pass the exam to become a helper and can join St. Nicholas on the boat to the Netherlands?
1989 ::: Det handler om tryghed (2001) ::: documentary ::: The tone in the official Danish immigrant debate has taken a new significant course. This has created some worry among the greater part of immigrants in Denmark. Especially young people feel uncomfortable. Four young Danish Muslim women decides to confront the Danes face to face in an open debate about the issue.
1990 ::: "Sit Black & Relax" (2016) ::: comedy ::: a comedy web series about a passive and gawky Black woman named Maya, who continuously bumps into white conundrums while living her NYC life. Maya is a slightly-failing jewelry designer who works full time in a nanny-matching service to pay the bills. She manages her dating life and personal qualms with the advisory of her best friend named Lana, who is white. Sit Black & Relax is JustLatasha's first scripted work. Latasha wrote and directed the series as an ode to the normal life many young Black women live, as an effort to dismantle the narrow stereotypes often provided by Hollywood.
1991 ::: Behind the News (1940) ::: drama ::: It's school graduate, Jeff Flavin's, first day on the job as a cub reporter for the Enquirer. Boss, Archer, places Jeff with Stu Woodrow a lazying reporter. Stu detests cubs, treating Jeff badly. Jeff saves a drunken Stu's job by covering the convicted racketeer, Houseman's escape from prison. Jeff goes to Houseman's sister for a scoop he witnesses the murder of Houseman and an innocent young child. Stu grateful to Jeff thinks Jeff is to decent to be a reporter, sends Jeff on a fake story. Resulting in Jeff being demoted by an angry Archer. On his own, Jeff goes to the court house to see the trail of Marques, accused of Houseman's murder. Jeff, who speaks Spanish, hears the translater, Olmeda falsely state that Marques confesses to the killing. Jeff tells Archer that he has a story. The problem is that nobody believes him due to the fake story. City Editor Vic Archer assigns student reporter Jeff Flavin to veteran newsman Stuart Woodrow, primarily to get on Woodrow's nerves. Jeff has long admired Woodrow, but is saddened to see the cynical and unprofessional state to which Woodrow has declined. Woodrow, for his part, tries to cure Jeff of his idealism and cause him to leave the newspaper business. Jeff, though, sticks to his guns and saves Woodrow's reputation by filing a big scoop under Woodrow's name after Woodrow had missed it. When a special skill of Jeff's enables him to learn the truth about a sensational murder case, Jeff tries to bring Woodrow into the investigation, in hopes not only of solving the murder but of rescuing Woodrow's ideals and career.
1992 ::: Carly & Paolo (2017) ::: horror ::: A chance encounter in a park brings Carly and Paolo together, they had the perfect relationship, and deeply loved each other, before long they were living together with a baby on the way. Then disaster struck, but this is just the beginning.
1993 ::: A Point in Time (1972) ::: documentary ::: This documentary is a deep analysis of how and why the Corona program was created. It details technological accounts of how the satellite was built, and its specific operations and capabilities. The Corona program was the attempt to create the world's first spy satellite.
1994 ::: Secrets of the Code (2006) ::: documentary ::: The film takes the viewer on a spiritual road trip from ancient Europe to modern Israel in a feature documentary that covers the terrain touched upon in Dan Brown's Da Vinci Code. Interviews were done with many of the leading teachers, art historians and spiritual guides of our time.
1995 ::: The Legendary Life of Ernest Hemingway (1989) ::: drama ::: Traces the legendary author's life, from the images and memories of his early boyhood, to his tragic suicide at the age of sixty-two. We first meet Hemingway as a young boy dominated by the virile figure of his father, a doctor devoted to hunting and fishing. Hemingway next appears as an 18 year old ambulance driver during the World War I who is wounded on the front of Piave. In the hospital, he meets and falls in love with a young Red Cross nurse who will later become the model for his heroine in " A Farewell to Arms", a fictionalizes account of his experience as a young soldier coming to grips with the horrors of war. Hemingway becomes a foreign correspondent and travels to France, Italy and Spain. But soon abandons his journalistic career and settles in Paris to write novels and short stories. Interspersed throughout the story are Hemingway's encounters with an enigmatic woman of indeterminate age who becomes his closest confidant. She is the personification of death's shadow and follows him throughout his life. In the end, she finds him in a clinic as an old and disillusioned man, wasted by anxiety and depression. Shortly after, Ernest Hemingway takes his life with a shotgun. Traces the legendary author's life, from the images and memories of his early boyhood, to his tragic suicide at the age of sixty-two. We first meet Hemingway as a young boy dominated by the virile figure of his father, a doctor devoted to hunting and fishing.
1996 ::: "Danube: Europe's Amazon" (2015) ::: documentary ::: An elaborate river portrait-in this case of one of the greatest rivers of Europe. An epic journey of discovery into the continent's unknown wild lands, "Danube - Europe's Amazon" shows how the river's famous currents helped sculpt the incredible landscapes, and it links them together.
1997 ::: Dukes and the Dutchess (2009) ::: drama ::: The Dukes being a part of the Dukes empire, keep what has been known as the most best kept secret from the Dutchess. The Dutchess keep there influential power in shadow to over power the Dukes while they are blinded. In the end the question remains, to whom will lay down there Empire so the truth could be told. The Dukes? or the Dutchess?
1998 ::: "Get Your Act Together" (1999/I) ::: comedy ::: Each week 'Ronan Keating' (qv) presents this talent show where two aspiring pop acts that have both benefited from the wisdom and experience of professional producers, stylists and choreographers in a bid to improve their particular act. Culminating in a grand finale consisting of each week's winners, the finale winners will be awarded with a recording contract from a major record label.
1999 ::: Silk Trees (2017) ::: thriller ::: After the death of his wife, successful children's author, Jude Meyers, becomes a reclusive insomniac. Hoping for peace, he agrees to go on an experimental medication, but quickly discovers the lines between fantasy and reality become blurred.
2000 ::: Bernard Blier (1996) ::: documentary ::: A portrait of character and lead actor Bernard Blier from his early years on the stage to his prolific latter days, as fondly told by several of his friends and co-workers, illustrated by clips from a selection of his films and period footage.
2001 ::: The Matrimonial Bed (1930) ::: comedy ::: It is the fifth anniversary of the death of Adolphe Noblet who died in a train wreck. His servant and friends still worship him but don't care much for his wife Sylvaine's second husband Gustave with whom she has recently had a child. Sylvaine's friends recommend that she use a new hairdresser, Leopold Trebel. However, when this womanizing coiffeur arrives, he turns out to be Adolphe suffering from amnesia. A doctor restores his memory using hypnosis but in the process wipes out everything that has happened to him over the last five years. Adolphe thinks he has been unconscious for only a few hours and the doctor tries to keep the truth from him thinking the shock could kill him. This becomes even more difficult as Leopold's wife, with whom he has had two sets of twins, shows up and insists he is Leopold. Gustave finally tells Adolphe/Leopold the truth and he is left with the decision of which man and in which family he wants to be.
2002 ::: 8 Hours (2012) ::: thriller ::: A man trussed up in a chair struggles for his life. Two sadistic henchmen and a paranoid psychopathic boss... These are the ingredients of "8 hours", a closed-door thriller from which you won't escape unaffected... Is Patrick really guilty or is it just a twisted game?
2003 ::: Grandpa Max (1975) ::: comedy ::: A high-spirited widower leaves New York to life with his son, daughter-in-law and grandson in California. His son wants him to settle down and live out the rest of his days peacefully, but the ebullient old man refuses to slow down and aided by his grandson, sets out on a series of adventures.
2004 ::: Tango Overlord (2005) ::: short ::: In occupied Normandy, Ulrich and Werner have a problem. They have just 24 hours to learn to dance the tango. Perfectly. If they fail, they'll be court-marshalled and sent to the Russian front. As D-Day looms, the German beach defences become the backdrop for an intense, rhythmic race against time...
2005 ::: Born from the Foot (2009) ::: crime ::: According to the Ramayana they were born from the foot of the creator, Brahma, the four headed god. Barney, a sleazy waitress with gambling debts, Bobby, a hidden cam voyeur and 'INDY'film maker, Andy, an ersatz intellectual and a master manipulator, and McDuffie, a mousy, powerless bean counter cross each others paths' in their current incarnation. Fired from her waitressing job and facing the unwholesome prospect of defaulting on her gambling debts, Barney takes up an assignment as a Nanny in the McDuffie household. A flimsy,juvenile gamble throws their life into an unexpected spin and brings everyone's true colors to the surface. Is McDuffie the mousey, powerless bean counter that Barney thinks him to be or is he a suburban Machiavelli plotting his own destiny? Would Andy and Bobby remain her friends or turn against her given the stakes involved? Animated by lust, anger,avarice, passion, false pride and deception they each pursue their goals devoid of morals. They were cruel and wicked humans in a past life. Are they any different this time around? Born From the Foot is an engaging examination of base stock and the permutations and combinations of their tamasic acts.
2006 ::: Dead Ringer (2018) ::: action ::: Dead Ringer: The Movie is a modern day version of The Prince And The Pauper where one man from a poor background ends up taking over another mans life from the entirely opposite end of the spectrum. Jamie Colton - lead singer of tribute act Dive - gets the opportunity to replace the iconic Donny Martin from the boyband group D5 with ever gripping twists and turns. This British film asks the question could one man live in another mans shoes and actually get away with it!? Boyband D5's star-studded cast include hunky Luke White, DJ Tom Zanetti, singers Jordi Whitworth and Shide Boss and TOWIE's RickyRayment, along with Eastenders beaut Danielle Harold as the leading lady, sizzling Jessica-Jane Stafford, Tony Fadil, Amar Adatia and a flurry of gorgeous models and exciting cameos. Directed by the incredibly talented Richard Colton this juicy flick is expected to hit cinemas early 2018.
2007 ::: Your Neighbor's Son (1976) ::: documentary ::: The documentary dramatizes the recruiting and training of a young men into the Greek police during the 1967-1974 military junta rule. Seemingly decent young men are selected based on traits viewed as exploitable by the recruiters : illiterate, anti-communist, young and male. The film interviews Michailis Petrou, one of the Greek policeman involved in the tortures who agreed to testify against his peers in exchange for a reduced sentence. Petrou's testimony reveals that the training methods themselves were brutal and often torturous and was viewed as a necessity to ensure the robotic and brutal obedience of the trainees. During the dramatic reenactments of the training camps, the directors draw parallels to modern military boot camps and the methods used in the training of soldiers.
2008 ::: Dal bog dol (2007) ::: documentary ::: This is a story of a village that lives ahead of its time. The village of the future is on the Balkans, Bulgaria and has the profound name "Deep Valley". There is a twice-restored church in the village, a school with a kindergarten, computer club, two studios for arts and crafts, a tennis court; it is frequently roamed by foreigners, summer house dwellers, even film-makers. There are a few things missing however. "God Given Home" was the ancient name of the village. What has forced its inhabitants in the course of time to disparage the metaphor implied in its name so that they should not find their nice shelter quite deep any more, even for a valley? Is the answer hidden in the way people were living there or is that just an outcome of their creative humor? Along with the arguing and snickering people of the village the film also has to find the answer to that and many other questions. Such as - what has already been given to us, have we really taken it? No matter how we would look at the everyday life of a Bulgarian village nowadays, at the people there, one thing is clear - we all have been launched from one and the same micro-space and that is nothing more but a tiny universe - all we need is there and it has always been. The way it is. And so much the better, perhaps. Because this might well be "the universal" village.
2009 ::: Andari Bandhuvaya (2010) ::: drama ::: Nandu (Sarwanand), a village youth who works in a city, is altruistic. His colleague, Paddu (Padma Priya), is a composed girl, who is particular about spending each and every rupee for her own good. Yet, both are surprised at each others' attitude towards philanthropy, and still being friends. Paddu slowly falls in love with Nandu for all his nobility. A situation so develops that Nandu pledges his eyes and heart for a loan of Rs 5 lakh, which he distributes for public good. When the money lender, who happens to be a goon, arrives to claim the heart and eyes of Nandu (as he fails to repay the loan), what happens? It forms the crux of the story. As the film touches the sidelined in society and yet perennial topics inside the man like money, sex and selfishness, there is a possibility that it could tickle the senses of the youth. Watching this movie will not bring any disappointment to the audience, though it has the A certification.
2010 ::: Circles: Homeless in Paradise (2014) ::: short ::: Experience how hope is instilled on people who have lost everything and discover an organization who selflessly help to put poverty stricken individuals back on their feet. Discover the "Circles" program from Bay County, Florida and Catholic Charities and see how it can transform lives.
2011 ::: "iAda Travels" (2016) ::: reality-tv ::: This is a YouTube Web-Series Traveling show Distributed by Fullscreen Media [US] featuring iAda aka GloomyMoonChild aka Ada Anane. "Come with me on my show as I travel the world in search of beauty, interesting culture, great tasting food, new fashion, and love." This is a Travel show where I take you YouTube video blogging Across as many family trips and trips with my friends as I can go on, please join me, you just have to kick back relax click that play button and enjoy.
2012 ::: REMIXtheSeries (????) ::: drama ::: Remix: The Series is a Hip New Drama told on the backdrop of the music industry's capital, The ATL. "Remix The Series" follows Kayla Rogers, a young Pop Singer whose recent ascension to fame creates an unforeseen turbulence that challenges her to choose between love of music and "the business"
2013 ::: Larger Than Life: The Suge Knight Story (2016) ::: documentary ::: Suge Knight is fighting for his life. He has been charged with murder and attempted murder. This film will put his current legal trouble all in perspective. It all began on September 7, 1996 - the night he was riding in the car with Tupac Shakur when shots rang out. He was targeted along with Tupac for murder that night and they have been after him ever since. If they can't kill him they want to banish him to the nethermost parts of the American Prison System where they can silence him once and for all.
2014 ::: One More River: The Deal That Split the Cree (2004) ::: documentary ::: Directors bring us into the north of Quebec and show us the decision process of a Cree community about whether signing a deal with the Prime Minister Bernard Landry for the construction of an hydroelectric project on Cree territory in exchange of 3,5 billions of dollars.
2015 ::: 2000 & 1 Night (2002) ::: documentary ::: The film seeks to form a "relationship" between the artist and her opposition, her antipode: the "philistine", as well as between her and her friends, admirers, fans, and serious critics. While via the camera we get a closer look at her life, her artistic and private activities - listening to her, asking her questions, observing and accompanying her - we also catch bits of reactions, comments, commentaries from others, and these we juxtapose symbolically, associatively, or as a kind of verification or support with our artists actions, skills and activities or with the artist herself. Our artist uses herself as her subject rather than the Other or the other thing. She is responsible to herself - in her art as well. We, the makers of this film, remain responsible to HER and the audience. And what exactly is the phenomenon of our unknown artist? The film has provided many possible ways to look at this question. But any answer - in keeping with the intention of the film - must be an individual one.
2016 ::: Veranda för en tenor (1998) ::: drama ::: The author Thomas meets his childhood friend Hoffman on an autumn night in 1997. They decide to let a dream come true: to make a film of a play by Thomas, Veranda for a Tenor, with Hoffman in the lead role. The story takes us back to the summer of 1961, which changed their lives. The writing of the script awakens memories and forbidden questions are answered. Their friendship is put to the test a final time. Veranda for a tenor is a film about male friendship, but also about love. Their love for the same woman...
2017 ::: The Naughty Room (2012) ::: comedy ::: After the death of his father, 20 year old Subaru spends life smoking drugs, feeling sorry for himself and thinking that life is too short to do anything with. He refuses to find work, help his single mother or leave home. Todd, also 20, would love to leave home but the trouble is he can't as he's been imprisoned in the family bathroom since childhood by his deranged mother who blames him for killing her husband. After alienating himself from his family and friends, Subaru's path of mindless self destruction changes its course after a strange incident involving a soiled sock brings Subaru and Todd together. A journey of self discovery that brings heart-ache and redemption unfolds.
2018 ::: To My Daughter with Love (1994) ::: drama ::: Joey and Alice have hardly enough to keep their heads above water. Alice's wealthy parents disapproved of their daughter marrying Joey but after a while, they had to admit that, together with Emily, their 6 year old little girl, they were a happy family. After Alice's sudden dead, Joey takes care of Emily the best he can but doesn't manage too well. After losing his job, he reluctantly agrees with Emily going to live with her grand parents. But Emily isn't happy. When Joey finally realizes this, he fights back... When an aneurism kills Alice, Joey is left to look after their daughter Emily on his own. Her maternal grandparents don't feel he is capable and fight to get custody.
2019 ::: Mano po 2: My home (2003) ::: drama ::: Antonio Chan, a prominent Chinese businessman, has three women in his life v Sol, a Filipina; Lu Shui, a Chinese; and Belinda, a Filipino-Chinese. Antonio has children with all three women. A crisis shakes up the over-extended Tsinoy family prompting all the members to re-examine their values, their relationships, and confront issues that they have refused to face all these years. With Mano Po 2, My Home, Regal Entertainments continues the tradition established by the critical and box-office hit Mano Po. Features strong dramatic performances from a stellar ensemble cast, lush visuals, a reverberating musical score, an unforgettable theme song, and a heart-warming screenplay that eloquently captures the rich Tsinoy culture. Laugh, cry, and be touched by this family story about forgiveness, healing and undying love.
2020 ::: Jaded (????/I) ::: drama ::: 'Jaded' is a brief and cynical glimpse into the daily lives of healthcare workers in a busy New York City hospital, who are unfazed by the humdrum of life, death and the welfare of their patients.
2021 ::: Suno Na.. Ek Nanhi Aawaz (2009) ::: drama ::: Coming from a conservative Telugu-speaking family, Anupama Nayyar, is in love with Rahul, both become intimate, and she becomes pregnant. When Rahul finds out he asks her to abort the baby as its' birth interferes with his plans of re-locating to the U.S.. The duo break-up, Anupama informs her parents and sister, Amruta, that she intends to keep the baby. Unable to bear the criticism from her disapproving family, she re-locates to live with her friend, Raina, in Mumbai, starts to hear voices from her baby, Sammy, and converses with it without knowing its' gender. She finds employment - but faces many challenges when her co-workers, boss, and others, including Professor Dhruv Shah, question her pregnancy and inquire about the biological father of the child.
2022 ::: Shungu: The Resilience of a People (2009) ::: documentary ::: Shungu is a compelling narrative of the strategies ordinary people use to survive in Zimbabwe today. The filmmaker takes us on a personal journey offering a rare, intimate insight as the country experiences political turmoil, economic meltdown and health care collapse. We are drawn into the lives of a 30-something metal-smith and opposition supporter, a staunch government supporter trying to run a farm she took over from a white farmer and a doctor working amid health care collapse. Interwoven throughout is the tumultuous political power struggle and eventual reconciliation between President Robert Mugabe, and opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai. The film gives voice to the hopes and challenges of ordinary people.
2023 ::: Reservoir Hill (2009) ::: drama ::: A young woman comes to live with her mother and enters into high school. There, she is surrounded by a number of bizarre events all centering around the fact that she looks like another young student who disappeared over five months ago. As she finds out more, she begins on a quest to find out the truth of what happened to the girl who disappeared.
2024 ::: Volume I (2008) ::: short ::: An animation film, based on an extensive collection of commercial stock photos. A selection of 12.000 royalty free images are arranged according to criteria of form and content and assembled to a single frame animation. The frames exchange at such a speed that the individual image can hardly be grasped by the eye. A thematically comprehensive image selection, which covers the most popular motifs in advertising refers to the character of the work as an encyclopedia. The sequential sortation according to form and color generates a more or less fluent effect and makes the vaguely perception of subjects possible.
2025 ::: Rush Hour (1970) ::: short ::: Time lapse photography shows the swarm of commuters at London Waterloo station racing about at top speed. A man speeds through a hot dog and coffee. The trains move at a breakneck pace. At normal speed, we see the men who run things remotely by pulling levers. A ticking clock and wacky music alternate on the soundtrack.
2026 ::: Yatra (2006) ::: drama ::: Yatra is a journey of a person whose claim to fame is interrupted by his past which comes in the way of his present. Yatra comes across a strong subject that of a prostitute and its presence in the minds of the people. Dasrath Joglekar is a renowned writer on his way to Delhi to receive the prestigious Literary Award. On the way, he meets one of his ardent fans Nakul Vaid, who is a filmmaker by profession and is devoted to Dasrath's pieces of writings. They discuss about the novels that Dasrath has written and dig the past by striking a conversation about one of his famous novel's Janaza. Lajvanti is a prostitute and Janaza is all about her. After receiving the award, Dasrath moves on to explore the life of Lajvanti yet again. He starts for his hunt without informing anyone from his family. As far as Dasrath's memories go, Lajvanti used to perform mujras in Mehndi Galli. People from every part of the society used to assemble here to blow away their part of naughtiness. Time has changed and so has Lajvanti. She is now Miss Lisa and mujras have been replaced by popular filmi songs. Lajobai gets a shock when she finds Dasrath in front of her. She treats him by singing some of the finest melodies of the past. Things take a toll when their lives play a small turn around. Dashrath Joglekar, a bit of an eccentric, lives an upper middle-class lifestyle in Hyderabad along with his wife, Smita, daughter, Sohini, son, Yaman, and widowed mom. He has authored a number of short stories and a novel 'Janaza'. The Government of India decides to felicitate him with Hindi Literary Award and invites him to Delhi. He decides to travel by train and meets with a film-maker, Mohan Bhardwaj, who decides to make a movie from 'Janaza'. Both discuss the novel at great length including the main characters namely Courtesan Lajwanti, who was living with Pulla Reddy, and Satish, a schoolmaster of Rajgaon, Adilabad, and his wife, Sharda. At New Delhi he is received by Program Coordinator Priyanka Sen with whom to travels to pay homage to Mahatma Gandhi at Raj Ghat. That night he receives the award and makes a moving speech, decrying today's regressive times, a lack of love and respect, and corruption of young minds by violent video games. The next day his family receives a phone call from Priyanka informing them that he is missing and that an F.I.R. has been registered with the New Delhi Police. The Joglekars must now try and find out where Dashrath is and why he did not inform them of his whereabouts.
2027 ::: "The Trojan Horse" (2008) ::: drama ::: When Canada dissolves its sovereignty and merges with the United States, disgruntled former Prime Minister Tom McLaughlin schemes to subvert American politics from the inside out by running as the next presidential candidate. But first he will have to deal with the conniving incumbent President Stanfield and a pesky British journalist that is on to his game.
2028 ::: Terminator Genisys: Revolution (2015) ::: sci-fi ::: The year is 2028 and humanity is on the brink of extinction. Help John Connor in the war to save the human race in the official game of the new movie Terminator Genisys. Escape from the Skynet prison camp and fight the machines in this action-packed sci-fi shooter.
2029 ::: The Fourth Planet (????) ::: action ::: It's been 25 years since the discovery that intelligent life exists on three of the planets in our solar system. An intergalactic coalition has been established with the scheduled meeting of the three civilizations to take place on Mars. As the much anticipated day arrives, the long awaited excitement is soon lost when unexpected war threatens Earth's inhabitants.
2030 ::: Night's Still Young (2017) ::: short ::: "Night's Still Young" recounts the story of 26-year Kate, whose terminal illness has prompted her to die with dignity. The film centers around Kate's last night on earth, a birthday party turned farewell party. With the support of a longtime friend and her brother, Kate says farewell to the world on her terms.
2031 ::: Rail Ka Dibba (1953) ::: drama ::: A heart-warming tale of good samaritanism. A poor but large-hearted young man gives shelter to three helpless, forlorn people in his home - an abandoned railway coach. However, tensions arise in the group when he marries one of the inmates, a young, destitute girl, since his friend (one of the other inmates) loves her too. The group breaks up and the coach is abandoned. Time passes, fortunes turn and penitence brings the group back together.
2032 ::: King Lear (1971) ::: drama ::: The Shakespeare tragedy that gave us the expression "How sharper than a serpent's tooth it is to have a thankless child." King Lear has not one but two ungrateful children, and it's especially galling because he turned over his entire kingdom to them. Paul Scofield is an ancient, imposing shell of a Lear tormented by his too-long life as well as by daughters he calls "unnatural hags." At one point, the king looks his eldest daughter, Goneril (Ireme Worth), straight in the eye and declares, "Thou art a boil, a plague-sore, of embossed carbuncle in my corrupted blood." These are the troubles not even the best-trained family counselor could ever hope to resolve. King Lear, old and tired, divides his kingdom among his daughters, giving great importance to their protestations of love for him. When Cordelia, youngest and most honest, refuses to idly flatter the old man in return for favor, he banishes her and turns for support to his remaining daughters. But Goneril and Regan have no love for him and instead plot to take all his power from him. In a parallel, Lear's loyal courtier Gloucester favors his illegitimate son Edmund after being told lies about his faithful son Edgar. Madness and tragedy befall both ill-starred fathers.
2033 ::: Fly with the Crane (2012) ::: drama ::: 73 years old Ma and his good mate Cao were once coffin makers. Since Chinese government implemented the practice of cremation, the demand for coffins dried up therefore Ma spend his days hanging out with his grandchildren. When Ma returns from spending mid-Autumn festival with his daughter and her family, he is told that Cao has passed away and his coffin is secretly buried in a cornfield next to a lake. Later Ma claims to have seen a white crane by the lake but none of his children believes him. Thereafter, Ma waits by the lake everyday and becomes a laughingstock in the neighbourhood. Ma's grandson asks why is he waiting for the white crane, Ma says,"I worked so hard to raise your father, uncle and aunt, but now they want to turn me into a pile of ash. I want to be carried to heaven by the white crane." Realising that this is but a dream, his little grandchildren innocently propose to take the matter into their own hands.
2034 ::: John Bindon (????) ::: biography ::: JOHN BINDON is the unbelievable story of one of London's most notorious hard men. A charming yet disarming force of nature, fighting his way from the pubs of west London, to performing in some of the most iconic films of the era, to eventually finding his way to a royal princess's bed. Feared by the Krays, adored by the stars, John Bindon got away with murder - literally.
2035 ::: Kashmir Calling (2015) ::: short ::: A documentary following three snowboarders and an adventure photographer as they journey to war-torn Kashmir. The film follows the crew's exploits as they access the Himalayas whilst constantly being reminded of the ongoing conflict in the region.
2036 ::: Death for Sale (2011) ::: drama ::: Tetouan, the Atlantic port city in the north of Morocco. Three young men decide to rob a jewelery store. They are among the hopelessly unemployed street population of Morocco's provincial cities, common thugs in the eyes of many but bound by solidarity and friendship. They see the heist as a means to break out of a cycle of poverty that weighs on their destiny like a life sentence. Malik, a dashing 26-year-old man, is in love with Dounia, a cabaret dancer. He wants start-up capital to help rescue her from a life of prostitution and make a new future for them as a couple. Allal, the toughest of the three, wants fast cash to stake a solid entry into the business of drug-smuggling. Impish high-school dropout Soufiane, the young­est of the group, has his own motives for wanting to kill the jewelery store owner. But the plan goes awry and the men's destinies splinter.
2037 ::: Marcelle Hanselaar: Postcard from the Edge (2013) ::: short ::: "POSTCARD FROM THE EDGE" is a short but intimate portrait of the Dutch painter MARCELLE HANSELAAR directed by German filmmaker and artist Thomas Völker. The film was made on the occasion of Hanselaar's Solo Show "Walking The Line" which took place at Kings Place Gallery London between May and June 2013. From the exhibition catalogue: Marcelle Hanselaar's familiar theme, the conflicting awareness and subsequent struggle with the balance of how we see ourselves and how we appear to others, has now found a bigger arena. Her gripping paintings of a solitary figure, with or without props are still there but now, for the first time, she takes this theme into the public realm, something she has freely explored in her large etchings but never before in her paintings. The result is a Breughel-esque tableau vivant. Hanselaar says "I am fascinated by the phenomena of crowds, how the shift from private to collective behavior creates a shift of inner boundaries as well. Our familiar sense of inner and outer or personal and social responsibilities and its subsequent behavior shrinks and expands simultaneously and creates, temporarily, a different set of references from which we then function." Marcelle Hanselaar has won many awards both for her prints and her paintings. Her work is in important public collections including the British Museum, the Victoria & Albert Museum, the National Art Library and the Ruth Borchard Self-Portrait Collection.
2038 ::: Eden Valley (1995) ::: drama ::: The film is set within a harness racing fraternity and explores the conflict between urban and rural values through the medium of an evolving relationship between father and son. The main character in the film, Hoggy, abandoned his wife and son ten years earlier to establish himself in an alternative lifestyle, living in a caravan and caring for his horses. The world gets turned upside down by the arrival of his teenage son, who has a prison sentence hanging over him. Billy has lived his life on an inner-city housing estate, and in his lifestyle theft and drugs are the norm. Using dramatic seasonal changes within the horse-trainer's environment we follow the development of this fragile relationship. Both father's and son's value systems are tested, with dramatic consequences. The roots of the film lie in the making of Seacoal, which was released in 1985. The film, depicted the lives of seacoalers on the Northumberland coast, and introduced members of Amber to a passion for horses, and the addictive pursuit of harness racing. The Laidler family, who were featured in Seacoal, proved to have a profound impact. It was they who talked us into buying our first horse, taught us the rudiments of training and driving, and encouraged our bartering and re-cycling skills. They wove the web that pulled us into the activity, and secured our entry into their environment and the world of harness racing. Our method of working is based on building long-term relationships within communities. Our aim is to enter into people's lives in a way that provides an authenticity to film-making that goes beyond simple realism. After becoming established in the harness racing community, we introduced actor Brian Hogg into it. His character, Hoggy, was developed over a period during which Brian immersed himself in the lifestyle, contributed to the development of the script, and participated in other essential tasks such as set building and horse training. In contrast, Darren Bell, who played Billy, his son, came directly into his first film role from a background of life on an inner-city housing estate. The film was shot sequentially to facilitate Billy's introduction into an initially alien environment and to reflect on the story of Billy. The film schedule spanned a twelve-month period. We worked with a small crew, two main characters and considerable good will from the harness racing community.
2039 ::: Fort Tilden (2014) ::: comedy ::: Fort Tilden: New York City's secluded seaside nirvana where, like flies to honey, Brooklyn's hip millennial set flocks on sweltering weekend afternoons for unbridled summertime indulgence. Amidst the vexing stagnation of quarter-life crises, Allie (Clare McNulty) struggles to prepare for the Peace Corps, while Harper (Bridey Elliot) awaits checks from her father to fund her artistic dreams. But the two friends quickly shun responsibilities for the day when a pair of good-looking guys invites them along for a carefree Fort Tilden afternoon. As the two young women board their fixed-gear bicycles and embark on a lengthy journey to the beach, they quickly realize that, akin to their confusing, transitioning lives, they neither know where they're going nor how they plan to get there. The debut feature film of directors Sarah-Violet Bliss and Charles Rogers - and showcasing the comedic versatility of Clare McNulty and Bridey Elliott as Allie and Harper - "Fort Tilden" is a hilariously insightful and recognizable look at the consequences of extended adolescence.
2040 ::: Lost Treasures of the Ancient World: Stonehenge (1999) ::: documentary ::: This is the fascinating story of the British Isles in prehistory, of the hunters and farmers who eked out a living from the land, and of Stonehenge, the megalithic structure which has become a symbol of those dark and mysterious times. Standing tall on Salisbury Plain in Wiltshire, England, the ancient stone circle is steeped in myth and legend even today, it refuses to give up all of it's secrets.
2041 ::: Bada$$ Mothaf**kas (2013) ::: documentary ::: Welcome to the world of Bada$$ Mothaf**kas, a place where the fists fly fast, the kicks pack a blast, and the soul sistas take down all the mistas, honey. From the streets of Harlem, to the saloons of the Old West, this collection of the funkiest trailers and clips from flicks of the Blaxploitation era will act as a game plan for takin' down the man! Can ya dig it? Former NFL star and legendary Blaxploitation actor Fred "The Hammer" Williamson is your host with the mothaf**kin most, and if you cross his path, you're gonna have to get his boot, outta yo ass!
2042 ::: Tinto Brass Presents Erotic Short Stories: Part 4 - Improper Liaisons (1999) ::: comedy ::: In Improper Relations a cousin who comes to visit seduces almost all her relatives. In The Last Subway a woman performs a striptease on a deserted subway platform for a man on the opposite track. Finally in Dream a beautiful woman falls asleep on an isolated beach and starts dreaming about sexual encounters... Following the death of her mother, Silvia leaves boarding school to stay with her recently remarried uncle in Rome. Everyone welcomes Silvia into the household, except her cousin Elena - who knows her flirtatious cousin better than the other family members. In no time at all, she updates her younger cousin, Marco, on the game of "doctor" they played in their youth. Then, sensing her aunt's maternal disposition, she allows herself to be babied in a mutually enjoyable way. When Elena confronts her uninhibited cousin, demanding she leave their home, Silvia suggests it will be Elena and not she who will make an exit. Soon thereafter, she seduces Elena's boyfriend, bestowing the oral gratification that Elena had thus far refused him. And lastly, Silvia ascertains her uncle's passion for photography masks a deeper passion for voyeurism, and invites him to watch as she has sex with his son Marco - after which she charitably relieves his arousal with a hand job. Elena witnesses her father's seduction, and things unfold as Silvia had predicted.
2043 ::: Connections (2016/I) ::: short ::: "CONNECTIONS" is a day in the life of 10 Los Angeles people who share a singular event that will bring them together within a 24 hour period. Complex in visualization and design, "CONNECTIONS" creates a vision of sharp personalities and vivid L.A. locations intertwined by story and innovative camera style. In the vain of Robert Altman films, "CONNECTIONS", creates a world of mixed characters propelled by sequences that mingle through a singular direction.
2044 ::: Wake Up Dead (????/I) ::: mystery ::: Another ordinary day at Whitlam University for aspiring detective Jonathan Hart as he deals with a missing girl, a murder and an overdue assignment in this film noir coming of age tale.
2045 ::: Getting Straight (1986) ::: drama ::: The arrest of a Prostitute forces her to a "Getting Straight" meeting. After confessing her life leading to the arrest, she realizes she has been helped by the meetings.
2046 ::: Kill Her Gently (1957) ::: thriller ::: Two convicts who have just escaped from prison are picked up by a motorist. He recognizes the men from descriptions given of them on the radio, but instead of turning them over to the police, he proposes to hire them to murder his wife.
2047 ::: Styrmand Karlsen (1958) ::: family ::: First mate Knud Karlsen has just received sad news from his girlfriend. On board the ship is also chef Valdemar, sailor Ole, owner's confident son Robert and a whole bunch of eager sailors. On board develops the drama out every minute, culminating in the film's climax, when a fire breaks out on board
2048 ::: La santa muerte, superstición o fe (2005) ::: documentary ::: The cult of the Holy Death and its ever more notorious manifestations have been the cause of scandal for some and the object of study for others. This strange social phenomenon does not only have its basis in the history of Mexican traditions, but rather, as this analysis shows, it helps us to explain and come to know better present-day Mexican society.
2049 ::: Bee Gees: In Our Own Time (2010) ::: biography ::: "In Our Own Time" is a new film on the long and illustrious career of the legendary Bee Gees, from their modest beginnings to unrivaled worldwide success in the "70's to the tragedy of losing their brothers Maurice and Andy. The story is told "in their own words" by Barry and Robin from extensive new interviews, and the film also includes archive interview footage of Maurice, videos, TV appearances and live performances.
2050 ::: Over the Brooklyn Bridge (1984) ::: comedy ::: A Jewish man who owns a Brooklyn deli asks his domineering uncle for a loan so he can buy his dream restaurant in Manhattan, but the uncle demands that he give up his Gentile girlfriend even though she's one of the few sources of stability in his somewhat chaotic life.
2051 ::: Terra de Quilombos - Espaços de Liberdade (2002) ::: documentary ::: Documentary about communities in Santo Antônio dos Pretos (State of Maranhăo), Casca (State of Rio Grande do Sul) and Kalunga (State of Goiás), in Brazil. These communities resemble the old institution of Quilombo, an independent black community which fighted the Government, and was one of the oldest and most important traditions of resistance and fighting for freedom in Brazil.
2052 ::: Passers-By (1920) ::: drama ::: A young Englishman falls in love with the children's governess in his step-sister's home. His step-sister, however, cannot abide the class differential in the romance and sabotages it. The young man, in a state of boredom and depression, begins to invite into the house anyone who happens to pass by in the street.
2053 ::: All Sinner's Night (2014) ::: horror ::: Lana Williams's brother Daniel has been been missing for a year, and is considered dead.Halloween marks the one year anniversary of his disappearance.She contacts Dave Shipman, a local investigative reporter whose wife committed suicide the same night suspects a cult is responsible for her death. Beliving there is a link connecting the mysterious events surrounding their deaths,they travel to Taylorsville, Indiana on Halloween night in search of the truth that may lead them to Daniel... or something else more evil than ever imagined.
2054 ::: If All Kids (2017) ::: short ::: The drama / antiwar short film IF ALL KIDS, inspired by Yiannis Ritsos' poem "If All Children on Earth", aims to give a punch to xenophobia, highlight problems due to lack of education and glorify peace. It deals with violence, childhood traumas, cultures conflicts, manipulation of students by family and the uninspired education system, while it is sending universal messages for the reconciliation of the nations and the respect of diversity. All above is achieved by the visual realization of an original story focused on a refugee child from Afghanistan (a country that experienced a 14-year war) and its integration in the demanding German society.
2055 ::: Tales from the Campfire (2017) ::: horror ::: Four friends plan a camping trip at a small campground to spend an evening around a fire, telling each other campfire stories that all supposedly happened close to the area that they're staying at. Strangely enough, their campground happens to sit right beside an old creepy cemetery, named "Ha Ha Cemetery." As the night goes on, the group slowly starts to realize their stories are starting to tie together, and what starts off as a quiet night, soon becomes a night of terror. What would make a group of campers decide to camp out beside an old cemetery? What secrets does "Ha Ha Cemetery" hold? Prepare yourself for four deadly tales of terror.
2056 ::: "Ghodrat" (2007) ::: adventure ::: The series follows a group of ordinary Persians who discover parts of a map that is supposed to lead them to Solomon Treasure one by one and join each other in their journey around the country. They are followed by a villainous group and a group of thieves each trying to take the treasure for themselves.
2057 ::: Damaneh-ha-ye sefid (2014) ::: drama ::: The last of the ancient eagles of Mount Damavand is trapped and put in the smugglers' hands. They want to transport the eagle to the southern ports of Iran since there are too many customers waiting for such a rare bird. These jobbers are going to take the eagle to the Port Bushehr. But the children along with many environmentalists are seeking a way to release the bird. When the news spreads in the southern ports, the coastal people are also involved in the adventure.
2058 ::: Génial, mes parents divorcent! (1991) ::: comedy ::: Julien, a boy in the sixth grade, was badly depressed by the divorce of his parents. But he soon found that half of the class had come from broken families.
2059 ::: Maricela (1986) ::: drama ::: Maricela and her mother Eugenia have fled El Salvador for the US with hopes of building a better life. Unable to find work in her profession as a school teacher, Eugenia becomes a live-in housekeeper to the affluent Gannett family. Conflict occurs when Maricela clashes with teenage Stacy Gannett, who resents her presence at home and at school. Can Maricela win Stacy's friendship and still remain true to her own ideals and values?
2060 ::: Gaspard va au mariage (2017) ::: comedy ::: After many years of keeping a careful distance, Gaspard, 25 years old, has to renew contact with his family when his father announces he is getting remarried. Accompanied by Laura, an eccentric girl, who agrees to play the role of his girlfriend for the wedding, he finally feels ready to set foot again in his parents' zoo where he is reunited with the monkeys and tigers he grew up with. But between a father who's too much of a womanizer, a brother who's too square and a sister who's far too beautiful, he's not aware that he is preparing to live the last days of his childhood.
2061 ::: Oru Oodhappu Kan Simittugiradhu (1976) ::: romance ::: Watch the full movie Oru Oodhappu Kann Simittukiradhu online on erosnow.com. Oru Oodhappu Kann Simittukiradhu is a classic romantic drama Tamil film directed by S. P. Muthuraman starring Kamal Hassan and Sujatha in the lead roles. Ravi accidentally kills his friend who tries to molest his lover, Radha. Ravi gets life sentence in jail but luckily he gets pardoned and released after six years. Will he unite with Radha?
2062 ::: Nevada Smith (1966) ::: western ::: Nevada Smith is the young son of an Indian mother and white father. When his father and mother are killed by three men over gold, Nevada sets out to find them and kill them. The boy is taken in by a gun merchant. The gun merchant shows him how to shoot, to shoot on time, and to shoot straight. Everything that Nevada does goes to killing those three men. He learns to read and write just to learn their location. He pays people to tell him where they're at. He even goes to prison to kill one of them. While the movie is a Western and has plenty of action, it also takes a deep look into vengeance and how one can change after a haunting incident.
2063 ::: Tardid (2009) ::: drama ::: Siavash Roozbehan is a young man and he has lost his father after his mysterious suicide.His uncle is managing his father's wealth. He is in love with his cousin Mahtab whose father is his uncle's councilor. Siavash gradually realizes that his uncle is going to marry his mother. After some days he also sees a lot of similarities between his own life and of Shakespeare's Hamlet. He goes to Garo, his best friend, and they try to change the end of the tragic story.
2064 ::: Shani (1989) ::: sci-fi ::: A glowing space ship that arrives in the middle of the forest near a village in Pakistan and a glowing figure appears and follows a terrified girl Hina and assume the appearance of a young man he happens to view in a framed portrait.He is greeted with open arms by the villagers and especially by Hina because of his new appearance that is of Shaani,but they know nothing about reality.
2065 ::: Les exploits d'un jeune Don Juan (1986) ::: comedy ::: Roger (Fabrice Josso) is a 16-year-old who seeks to lose his virginity in this softcore erotic drama. His initial efforts are unsuccessful, but World War I breaks out and men are seen marching off to battle. Roger goes overboard when he is presented with several amorous opportunities. He soon impregnates the maid, his aunt, and his sister in quick succession. Roger desperately tries to marry off the women to other men to avoid a lurid scandal. In the summer of 1914, Roger, a 15-year-old schoolboy, returns home for his vacations after being away for three years in a boarding school. He returns home accompanied by the voluptuous Mrs Muller and right from the start, Roger's naughty glances here and there are definite signs that this will be no ordinary summer. Without a doubt, not much has changed in his absence, however, now Roger is almost a grown up man filled with an ever-growing sexual curiosity that demands attending. Furthermore, his parent's mansion is a tantalizing playground full of women, including his sisters, his aunt, the governess and the very promising maids. During the day, nothing much happens, so life can be somewhat boring for a teenager kept inside a vast and almost vacant house with nothing to do, though soon, Roger is about to discover each and every one's dirty little secrets thanks to the unimaginable situations behind closed doors that are bound to awaken the dormant, yet raw teenage sexual force. Before long, Roger will transform from a docile, gentle kid to a proper kinky little rascal, still, life has always something more to offer. When the WWI breaks out, the unexpected news reaches the mansion and for that reason, a call to arms will require every man in the house, leaving Roger alone to console the poor, unprotected women. Once tame, Roger will seize the opportunity and like a rooster in a hen house will ultimately perfect himself. After all, this is no ordinary summer...
2066 ::: Ella, la noche (2015) ::: short ::: Agustina wanders through an electronic party in ecstasy. She goes back home early in the morning, sleeps a bit, and then goes out to the park. There, she starts playing with Martín and later meets his father Pablo. Agustina manages to seduce father and son; they spend the afternoon getting to know each other and slightly developing a romance between two strangers.
2067 ::: The Secret KGB Paranormal Files (2001) ::: documentary ::: This program investigates the probes and projects sponsored by the KGB to look into paranormal matters. Viewers will learn much about the KGB's view of American history and the effects certain events had on it. Includes never seen before footage.
2068 ::: Children of the Sky (2000) ::: sci-fi ::: Kevin Pearson has a problem. He's being watched. He has been since he was born. Now he's thrust in the center of a government conspiracy involving a 50 year old secret, alien abductions and a myseterious woman who may hold the key to it all.
2069 ::: Downshifting (????) ::: drama ::: Conrad is a vet in his late twenties who is finally settling into life at a slow pace. He teaches a high school class and befriends some of the youths. While Conrad can sometimes be quite abrasive, the students enjoy him. He is contented with life, when quite suddenly, his circumstances change for the worse.
2070 ::: 1952: Ivan i Aleksandra (1989) ::: drama ::: Set in 1952, a time of confusion and fanaticism, Ivan's naive make-believe story about guns found in a cave unintentionally betrays his closest family friends. Meanwhile, he falls in love with Aleksandra, the daughter of a partisan facing persecution, and defends her in front of the class. It is 1952, time of repressions, detention camps, silence, and fear. Even in times like that, people hope, help and love each other, especially the children with their candor and spontaneity. Unfortunately, the propaganda machine threatens to brainwash them. Ivan is smart, artistic, and recites Communist poetry with pathos. He cannot sense that he can harm even his closest people. After all, he will take the road of truth, before the cruel times have deformed his character.
2071 ::: Telluride: Time Crosses Over (1997) ::: adventure ::: Whisperin' Jim owns the valley floor (west of Telluride, Colorado), and a greedy development company wants to own it. With the aid of Whisperin' Jim's grandson (Tom), a sinister plot is devised to kill Whisperin' Jim before he changes his will, cutting his grandson out, and declaring the valley floor 'forever wild'.
2072 ::: "The Unnaturals" (1989) ::: comedy ::: A hilarious sketch comedy show that ran on HA! and later CTV, which later became Comedy Central. The stars were Siobhan Fallon Hogan, Tim Blake Nelson, Paul Zaloom, John Mariano & Paul Fieg. This right here is the origins of Comedy Central.
2073 ::: Behind the Draft (2013) ::: documentary ::: Equipped with seven draft picks, follow the Maple Leafs as they set out to change the life of several young hockey players at the 2013 NHL Entry Draft. General Manager Dave Nonis reflects on the the club's recent seven game series against the Boston Bruins, Dave Morrison looks back at his years at the draft, and Cliff Fletcher relives the blockbuster trade he orchestrated on the draft room floor.
2074 ::: Little People (1982) ::: documentary ::: More than 1200 dwarfs gather every year when Little People of America holds its national convention. In the 50 years since its inception, LPA has given its 6000 members a sense of identity and purpose, helping them cope in a world in which the confining stereotypes of sideshow attraction persist. Contrasting scenes from their daily lives with the activities of the convention week, the film provides insight into the lives of dwarfs and offers a unique and sometimes disturbing perspective on the average-sized world.
2075 ::: Johnny Reno (1966) ::: western ::: One of the thirteen low-budget westerns produced by A.C. Lyles in the sixties. The premise is a simple one: Sheriff Johnny Reno is heading to a small town in order to see his one-time sweetheart Nona Williams. On the way, he is set upon by two brothers who think he is after them. Forced to shoot one, he captures the other Joe Conners and brings him into town. His prisoner insists he is innocent of the crime the whole town wants him hanged for, and after hearing his story, will Andrews believe him?
2076 ::: Puccini (2009) ::: biography ::: Vienna, 1924: Puccini, the world-famous composer of operas finds a confidante in the journalist Liza Berman, who will accompany him on a trip into his past: The unrequited love he feels for Elvira, a married woman, who secretly returns his feelings. As a 20-year-old he is living in Milan, in bitter poverty, and barely struggles along as a musician, but upon finishing his studies he makes quite an impression. Full of hope he applies to take part in a contest for opera composers, but he is turned down. Puccini had firmly counted on winning the prize money and now faces financial straits. Thanks to the librettist Fontana, his one-act opera "Le Villi" is performed all the same. The established music publisher Ricordi now commissions Puccini to write the opera "Edgar", which turns out a flop. When Elvira leaves her husband to live with Puccini, the lovers are beset by feelings of guilt. Puccini begins to doubt himself, but due to Ricordi's support, Puccini can write in peace. Soon he triumphs in opera houses all over Europe with "Manon Lescaut", but Ricordi demands fresh supplies. A former lover, who used to be a dancer in the Cabaret, brings the novel "Vie Bohčme" to his attention, a subject, which his colleague Leoncavallo is already working on. But it is Puccini who prevails with Ricordi. When Puccini tries to get rid of the overbearing conductor Toscanini as well, Ricordi resists him. "La Bohčme" becomes a giant success under Toscanini's musical direction. As Puccini later gets stuck in his work at "Tosca" he waits for inspiration at night in shape of his muse Antilisa, a shy mythological animal. Again Puccini experiences a triumph. Always on the lookout for a new subject, a frustrated Puccini travels to London. There he accompanies his friend Sybil Seligman to the theatre, where "Madame Butterfly" electrifies him. Back in Italy, he develops a platonic relationship with the servant girl Doria. Elvira fires Doria and makes Puccini promise never to see her again. The young woman commits suicide. After initially failing in Milan, "Madama Butterfly" triumphs a few months and several changes later in other European cities. In Vienna, Elvira surprises Puccini with the journalist Liza Berman, but by that time Elvira's love is above the slights Puccini has inflicted on her over the years. She demands that Dr. Landauer thoroughly examines her husband, who is suffering from a chronic sore throat. The final diagnosis shows a malign tumor of the larynx. Meanwhile, the work on "Turandot" has ground to a halt. Liza takes him along to a concert of contemporary music, which he finds fascinating and unsettling at the same time, because it makes him feel that his own music sounds old-fashioned by comparison. While undergoing treatment at a Brussels hospital, Puccini confesses to Elvira that he blames himself for Doria's death. During a sleepless night he tosses the unfinished score to "Turandot" into the fireplace, but Elvira saves the manuscript. Puccini dies not long after-wards. Milan, 1926: "Turandot" is performed for the first time in the presence of Elvira and their children Tonio and Fosca, with Toscanini at the baton. He has the performance interrupted at the exact spot where Puccini had to give up his composition.
2077 ::: Juliet's Promise (1993) ::: adult ::: Juliet has promised her boyfriend that she'll do whatever he wants if he'll attend a family reunion at her parent's house, not realizing that this will involve her being bound in ever more stringent bondage positions and, eventually, the removal of her gingham dress and lacy bra. In a subsequent vignette, shapely blonde Megan is bound and gagged and left to struggle helplessly with most of her clothing removed.
2078 ::: Nicht alles schlucken (2015) ::: documentary ::: "None of the psycho-pharmaceutical drugs have a healing approach. They subdue symptoms." NICHT ALLES SCHLUCKEN highlights the eternal stigma of mental illness, the power of medicine and questions our perceptions of normality and mental health.
2079 ::: Another Night of the Living Dead (2011) ::: comedy ::: A bunch of strangers barricade themselves in a farmhouse during a zombie uprising. Sound familiar? It should! Director Alan Smithee takes us on an irreverent (and unauthorized) romp through George A. Romero's classic NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD, the film that spawned the modern zombie craze and a thousand "of the living dead" remakes and rip-offs (like this one). Smithee's new characters and dialogue, and a healthy dose of nudity and adult language, put a fresh spin on one of the best known films of all time!
2080 ::: "The Flip Side" (2015) ::: reality-tv ::: In 2009, inspired by the trends of reality television programming, filmmaker Sam Pezzullo saw a glimpse of something in his group of friends. What he saw was an opportunity. An opportunity to capture dynamics, characters, and stories as they unfolded. Completely unfiltered, and completely uncensored. An opportunity to paint a portrait of real friends and the experiences and memories they shared. Follow a group of friends, whose every move over a 5 year period of time has been captured on a flip cam. The good, the bad, and the ugly. This docu-series breaks the mold of the typical "reality" television show. It's Friends meets America's Funniest Home Video's meets The Real World. It's the most authentic reality show ever produced, because it wasn't "produced."
2081 ::: Law & Disorder (2009) ::: comedy ::: An irreverent ghost befriends the Executive Director of a dysfunctional Washington DC law firm and tries to help him keep Hillary Parker, the firms Managing Partner, from going to jail while the diabolical and ever scheming, Sooner Fairbanks, plots to take over.
2082 ::: False Prophets (2006) ::: drama ::: When a young woman opts to abort a miraculous conception, a Christian Fundamentalist group intervenes. Duped into an adoption scheme, Maggie agrees to carry the baby to term but gradually comes to suspect the entire arrangement. She ends up marooned at a rural service station, where she encounters a wise old radio preacher, Isaiah, and his reluctant prophet of a son, Manny, who end up guiding her on the rest of her journey. It's not an easy journey, however, as Maggie is stalked, chased and forced off the road. In a woodsy field, she comes face to face with her assailants and herself, as she prepares to undergo a painfully unorthodox delivery and yet another unforeseen miracle...
2083 ::: Ewanatiia: The God of Mischief (1997) ::: adventure ::: When an art thief steals a small statuette, his friend turns him in. The idol has special powers, however, and they include the power to magically bind and gag women in the same room. Every time the women manage to free themselves the idol causes them to be bound and gagged even more severely. Will the ladies manage to free themselves before the thief returns for his booty?
2084 ::: No Talent Geniuses (2007) ::: documentary ::: The independent bands got together and performed a live concert at a house party. The week after they sat down with the producer and director and discussed with them their upcoming albums, past and future shows and how they felt about the Dallas music scene then and looking into the future.
2085 ::: Beethoven's Hair (2005) ::: documentary ::: Beethoven's Hair traces the unlikely journey of a lock of hair cut from Beethoven's corpse and unravels the mystery of his tortured life and death. The film begins in modern times, when a pair of Beethoven enthusiasts purchase the hair at a Sotheby's auction. The story then looks at the lock's previous owners and culminates in the science that reveals Beethoven's "medical secret". Set to a lush score of some of Beethoven's most glorious music, the film explores the world of forensic testing in sharp relief against the romance of 19th-century Vienna and the horrors of 20th-century Nazi Germany.
2086 ::: Camp Casablanca (2004) ::: documentary ::: "Camp Casablanca" tells the experiences of a group of Swiss soldiers and officers serving during a 6-month mission with the Swiss contingent of the international peace troops KFOR in Kosovo. The volunteers of the Swiss troop are neither professional soldiers nor collaborators of international relief organizations with international experience. They are workers or employees finding themselves coping with a reality which has nothing in common with their own.
2087 ::: Maturita (2013) ::: comedy ::: The Graduation is a classic teenage comedy, very playful, sometimes going a bit over the edge. Moments of reality in the film often alternate with dreams and visions. The basic plot is the attempt of a gang of high school seniors to graduate while not working too hard at it, even if they have to resort to a bit of underhanded tactics. The two main protagonists hack into the Ministry's server, where they look for the answers to the final exam questions in vain, though they get into deep water for it. It almost looks like they will be taken away from the exams by a special police unit because of hacking.
2088 ::: "Ultraviolet" (2017) ::: crime ::: Inspired by the book "The Skeleton Crew" by Deborah Halber and infused with the personal story of producer 'Wendy West (I)' (qv). The series follows the life of a thirty-year-old woman (Ola Serafin) who is forced by circumstances to leave her husband and London, and return to her hometown of Lódz. While driving her car one night, she witnesses a dramatic situation which looks like suicide, but which she finds highly suspicious. The police seem to be indifferent to the case. Desperate, Ola looks for help on the Internet, where she finds a group of amateur detectives that solve criminal cases the police are unable to.
2089 ::: Kralj Ibi (1973) ::: comedy ::: Primitive, cowardly, greedy and fame seeking father Ibi (Ubu), persuaded by his wife, mother Ibi, kills the honorable king Venceslas and his family. This makes Ibi king of Poland. In the beginning he is popular and showers his subjects with gold coins. But, later on he brings on himself peoples rage when he decides to kill all the noblemen and officials and introduces unreasonable taxes. Russian czar Aleksey starts a military campaign against the bloody despot Ibi. After a defeat, Ibi and his wife escape to France.
2090 ::: A tu per tu (1984) ::: comedy ::: Gino Sciaccaluga fa il tassista a Genova e tutto sembra scorrere nei binari del solito trantran finchč un giorno a Camogli, un uomo in tuta da subacqueo con pinne ed occhiali, sale sulla sua auto per essere portato a Milano. Si tratta del famoso finanziere d'assalto Emanuele Sansoni, che vive nel lusso circondato da belle donne. O meglio viveva, dopo il crollo che ha colpito il suo impero finanziario. I due iniziano quindi un viaggio per mezza Europa alla ricerca affannosa della salvezza non solo finanziaria, ma anche fisica.
2091 ::: Nital (2006) ::: drama ::: Story revolves around a girl having Vitiligo and her relationship with her lover or would be life-partner and his family. Film highlights the social stigma around around Vitiligo. Film is produced by Dr. Maya Tulpule (Shweta association - Vitiligo Support Group).
2092 ::: Dodge and Burn (????) ::: thriller ::: A fashion photographer and three models become unknowingly involved in a series of strange coincidences after the death of a fourth model in an apparent accident. These strange events, which are expanded on by a series of narrative flashbacks which develop both plot and characters, include two other accidents and a senseless robbery. These lead the photographer to return to the one place that links these people and events, a beach in Portugal. Once there he and one of the models are kidnapped by a group of desperate drug smugglers keen to retrieve photographs they think caught them in a drugs shipment transfer. Only the deep sense of guilt of a woman caught up in these events saves them.
2093 ::: Athens Burning (2011) ::: documentary ::: The Georgia Theatre in Athens, GA burned two years ago, and this documentary outlines the attempts at bringing it back. The fire also revealed a treasure trove of history about this college town and the changes it too has gone through in a remarkably short time. From YMCA to cinema to a top notch concert venue and back again, this film interviews dozens of people and includes special cameos and uncredited appearances from the likes of Billy Bob Thornton and Jon Bird to demonstrate the depth of knowledge of this venue. Thornton directed a Widespread Panic documentary there and numerous other escapades are artistically captured and described in a linear and evolutionary pattern. There are some references to sex, drugs, and dirty beer lines along the way. But many different sides of the Georgia Theatre and its predecessors are examined in a comprehensive and thorough way, including footage from such bands as White Buffalo, the Dixie Dregs and great story line from Col. Bruce Hampton (Ret.) who had a role alongside Vic Chesnutt in Thornton's Oscar-winning Sling Blade film a year later. The last interview Chesnutt may have conducted on film a short month before his taking of his life has poignant and bittersweet effect on the overall tone.
2094 ::: Out of the Darkness (2016/I) ::: drama ::: Eli is a man in his twenties with a calling on his life from a young age, but he's been running from that calling - a modern day Jonah. After being fired by his father, arguing with his girlfriend in front of their daughter, and then a visit to the local pub, Eli decides to get out of town. On a lonely mountain highway Eli misses a turn and careens over an embankment, landing deep in the forest. It is a place of mystery with no way out, but it is there where God works on his heart. Satan is not far behind of course, working to convince Eli to take a different path. In the end Eli is faced with a choice that will have repercussions on generations as his destiny is to be the Billy Graham of his time.
2095 ::: Emanuel (2018) ::: documentary ::: On June 17th, 2015, 21-year-old white supremacist Dylann Roof walked into a bible study and murdered nine African Americans during their closing prayer. Featuring never before seen interviews with survivors and family members of the victims, "Emanuel" tells the painful but hopeful story of a murder that shocked the nation, and an act of forgiveness that helped it heal.
2096 ::: "Turn on to T-Bag" (1988) ::: fantasy ::: T.Bag has moved into the back of an old television set and intends to take over the airwaves with High-TV and put all the viewers under her spell. Professor Sparkes and presenter Holly mean to stop her with a jamming device powered by nine crystals. But T.Bag takes hold of the crystals and hides them in various upcoming programmes. Now it is up to Holly to find them all before T.Bag starts her transmissions.
2097 ::: Chernobyl: Chronicle of Difficult Weeks (1990) ::: documentary ::: A radiation detector crackles ominously as a helicopter circles the Chernobyl nuclear power plant, the live-action footage shot by director Vladimir Shevchenko's crew - the first to film the results of the Chernobyl meltdown. In a televised address by Mikhail Gorbachev on 14 May 1986, the Russian leader outlines the scope of the terrible problems created by that April 26th disaster; this video then goes on to document the heroism of doctors and firemen, the evacuation of residents, the decision to produce a "sarcophagus" to cover the still-burning reactor, and the contributions made by many Soviets in the weeks following the meltdown - highlighting the ability of the Russian people to respond to this crisis. A Soviet official calls the community response an act of mass heroism and cites individual workers for their courage. The cowardice of a few - a teacher who deserted his class, an engineer who hid out in the villages - is the subject of a party meeting; offenders are expelled, not executed, since this is peacetime, although the subtitles indicate that "the people's contempt would serve as eternal punishment," while the Communist Party and Komsomol cards of those heroes who lost their lives responding to the disaster "would be displayed in our museums." The video ends with shots of Chernobyl entombed under tons of concrete and lead. The subtitles state that the heroism of some was necessary because of the thoughtlessness, irresponsibility, and bungling of others - and that the Party has waged a struggle to the end against complacency, incompetence, careerism, demagoguery, and flattery, "the true causes of the Chernobyl disaster and of others as well."
2098 ::: Oui, Girls (1981) ::: adult ::: Private detectives Nick and Barbara go undercover to the Circle S Ranch, a swingers' resort, to investigate a murder. In order to gather information, they both have sex with the various swingers at the ranch. In doing so they not only get closer to the killer, but find out that all the sex they've having is making them feel closer to each other.
2099 ::: Zoo Squad (2017) ::: documentary ::: The Schneider brothers are animal crazy and have all sorts of wildlife living in their house and backyard. After a busy week at school, Lewis, Nelson and Clancy spend their weekends handling and playing with exotic baby reptiles, holding cuddly baby Koalas, wrestling with baby Crocodiles and hop like baby Kangaroos. Children will learn from other children all about incredible Australian animals which are presented in a fun and informative way.
2100 ::: Nostos: Il ritorno (1989) ::: history ::: At the end of the war, Odysseus, the wandering hero, with his companions begins his sail back home to the Mediterranean. The conclusion of his adventure is delayed by many natural obstacles and he takes an internal journey of fleeting memories of his childhood, his parents, love for a beautiful girl, nostalgia for the past, regret for what he did, and the deep silence that envelops everything. He confronts the most terrible loneliness following a shipwreck in which all the comrades perish.
2101 ::: Nausikaja (1995) ::: drama ::: Matija Remetin is young man who is studying drama in Zagreb just before the outbreak of WW2. He rents the room at Marija Slajner, widow who's three previous tennants had commited suicide. Remetin begins to notice beautiful and mysterious girl on the other side of street and begins calling her Nausikaja. In Zagreb during 1939, Matija Remenar studies at a private acting school and rents a room from the middle-aged Ms. Slajner. The previous three occupants of his room hanged themselves. Inspector Stevovic is investigating the three deaths. His only clue is an unusual spider that was found on all three bodies. Matija helps the inspector, while Ms. Slajner displays an erotic interest in the young man. Matija is attracted to a mysterious girl who appears in the window of the house across the street. He calls her Nausikaja.
2102 ::: The Last Guardians (2017) ::: documentary ::: The indigenous Sápara and Kichwa nations of the Ecuadorian Amazon are fighting for their lives. Their campaign against oil drilling on their land is their last chance to save the pristine forest that they have called home for centuries. Their entire culture is being eroded by its inherent conflict with Western values. Filmmakers Joe Tucker and Adam Punzano embedded with the tribes and what emerges is a unique insight into the way that indigenous people live and see the world, and a warning of what the world stands to lose if their rights and beliefs are not respected.
2103 ::: A DocumenTree (2018) ::: documentary ::: Seemingly a wildly costumed street performer just out to make money, we quickly discover the Treeman is a spiritual missionary asking us to explore our human nature and our potential as a species. Lionel Powell, the Treeman, grew up just doors down from Jay-Z in the infamous Marcy projects in Brooklyn surrounded by gangs, drugs and violence. As a boy he turned to the unconditional love of animals and insects to cope with the madness in the world; and Treeman was born. Dedicating his life to helping others through his characters and constant volunteerism, he puts his mission above his own survival, consequences ensue and Treeman is sent on a pilgrimage around the U.S. to rediscover his roots and ultimately to face his past.
2104 ::: "Pontoon Payday" (2015) ::: game-show ::: Host Frank Nicotero invites partiers aboard a boat to win money by answering trivia questions. Contestants compete as teams of two or three and must answer three questions correctly to win $500. They are allowed one free wrong answer, but if they get a second question wrong, they must undergo a punishment, such as eating worms, having an eyebrow shaved off, or being zapped with a stun gun, in order to continue in the game. Teams who win $500 then have the option to double their winnings by choosing from two coolers, one of which contains $1,000.
2105 ::: The Cast of 'The Manchurian Candidate' (2004) ::: short ::: This making-of piece takes a closer look at the work of the film's exemplary ensemble cast and the parts they play, with emphasis on Denzel Washington's "Ben Marco," Meryl Streep's "Eleanor Prentiss Shaw," and only briefly at the end, Liev Schreiber's "Raymond Shaw."
2106 ::: Cultures - Reise nach Nordland (2002) ::: adventure ::: Northland is a RTS game and the sequel to Cultures 2. The Cultures game series is very popular in Europe. Bjarni, a young viking hero and the son of Leif Erikson receives a call for help from his friends Hatchie, the Saracen and Bjarnis old friend, a fellow traveler from his old adventures. Serpent-like creatures have appeared and destroy Hatchies home country. Bjarni and his girl friend Crya are coming to help Hatchie and together they're heading out to stop the thread - and to save the world from destruction and chaos once again. "Cultures - Reise nach Nordland" is a real time strategy game coming from Germany game. Nordland is the sequel to the well-known "Cultures 2 - The Gates of Asgard" and tells the story of a brave viking, named Bjarni who also has solved the riddles of the secret sun stones of America with his family while he was still very young. Leif Eriksson his father is said to be the first discoverer of America before Christopher Kolumbus. Bjarnis former adventures have led him through Europe to the orient while he solved the secret of a strange vision he had. On his way he made friends with three other brave heroes of different countries where his adventures has led him through. Together, they've beaten the dangerous Midgard serpent after many adventures and safe the world from destruction. But soon it was clear that new dangers and adventures were awaiting the four heroes which led them into the regions of Northland.
2107 ::: Can Tropical Rainforests Be Saved? (1991) ::: documentary ::: The first global look at this global issue. It was filmed in a dozen rain forest countries in Asia, Africa and Latin America--as well as in Japan, the world's largest importer of rain forest logs. Prime focus is on the human and economic dimensions. Included are tribal people, new settlers, squatters, farmers, loggers, government, industry and environmental leaders. CAN TROPICAL RAINFORESTS BE SAVED? depicts why the forests are vanishing, who is responsible, the human and environmental results, the effectiveness or ineffectiveness of protection measures, and what else can be done to save them.
2108 ::: John Henry Foley: Sculptor of the Empire (2008) ::: documentary ::: This is the story of the famous dublin born 19th Century sculptor John Henry Foley. His most famous work is the Daniel O'Connell Monument in Dublin. He went against the grain with his fellow Irish men and undertook projects with like the Albert Memorial Hall in London and a host of Imperialist works in India. Foley's art suffered because of his association with the empire, in particular after Ireland and India gained their independence. His equestrian statue of Lord Gough in the Phoenix Park was attacked several times by republican activists and was eventually restored and smuggled out to Britain. This is a story that examines the question of what do we do with art that no longer reflects the political attitudes of our day.
2109 ::: Iron Terry Malone (????) ::: thriller ::: When a local bar in Hoboken, N.J. is in danger of closing, the owner and five regulars plot to kill one of their own and collect on a phony life insurance policy. The problem, the man they have chosen as their mark, just won't die. Based on True Events.
2110 ::: This Life I Live (2008) ::: documentary ::: There are families everywhere, small and large. This is the story of a very large family. A story of their life and the ups and downs of life. A story of regular people that have chosen an irregular way. Using the Huron family as a sort of backdrop, we have desired to reveal some of the character of God. He is constantly active... always working!
